------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, November 8th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-08
Num Words: 840
Num Minutes: 77

 Every day I send you an e-mail, in it I writemy news, every time I end with a request: ifyou're there and you're well,don't write back. 

- Tadeusz Dąbrowski   Yesterday, the picture of Bea—with her greyish blue eyes and her closed-mouth smile, with the quote from To the Lighthouse and the vague invitation for casual fun that could flower into something greater—came up among the series of pictures of strangers in Tinder. I paused my procrastination of almost mindlessly rejecting the vague idea of women formed by one or two pictures by the swipe of a finger. I thought about that night almost half a year ago. I was back to that evening in a barely occupied bar in NDG, to that night on a bed inside an apartment just five minutes away.

I swiped to the right. In the minutest moment I imagined a thousand possibilities, every one of them crumbled down when nothing happened. I found a rejection in the uneventfulness.

That same day—or maybe one before—I sent María José the snapshot from my journal that surrounded my encounter with The Editor.

"Toca aprender de mis otros casi-algos que la atención no se ruega; if they're interested, they''ll let me know", I wrote to Majo mere moments before I shared in our conversation the picture of the co-protagonist of that short story from my past.

I was referring to one of the latest women I met in this last phase of dating since the break I took this summer. The French filmmaker and photographer. Clara, the woman whom I met and conversed with months ago before cancelling last-minute on her and deleting the dating apps. We rematched without recognizing each other. I confessed my sin after I remembered when I found an archived screen picture of our last messages in French. Still, she decided to meet with me. And if first dates are too stressful, let's skip to the second one directly, technically we already almost had one. I wore a red dress and a face of make-up to our date in Chez Ernest. She came a couple of minutes late. I recognized her as soon as she stepped foot inside the half-empty bar. I stood up and hugged her, initiating the conversation that would continue for more than six hours until it ended with a second hug at the bust stop outside an A&W.

Unlike many other dates, she replied back enthusiastically—albeit one or two days later—when I reached out to tell her I would love the idea of seeing her again. She suggested the next weekend when she might be free if she worked efficiently the week up to it. I accepted the invitation and proposed to touch base again by the end of the week. That message, up to this moment five days later, remains unopened.

In the middle of our date, she asked to see some of my pictures. I grabbed my phone and opened my instagram account. She inspected some of them and then glanced up to the username that served as a title of the screen. She thought aloud to herself how she would made notice of it to search for me later. Later came much earlier than I expected when she stood up to the restrooms and searched for me there.

Last night, Vicky organized an evening of drinks at Thomson House. This time we were many more people than the last one, when it was just her and me as the elders accompanying the three new PhD students that have joined our lab this summer. Beside the—both old and new—students of Louis, there were also a couple of women who were co-supervised by him whose names I don't remember.

After leaving the clubhouse and one by one of my older labmates were stepping off the group to follow their route home, I opened up one of the pictures I took of myself in The Neuro's restroom mirror and posted it as a story in instagram. My reflection was standing phone in hand, wearing the brown and cream sweater my mother knitted me under the gray sports coat that I found and bought at Eva B. My mom made me and this sweater, I captioned it.

The first person to see it and like it was Sonny, less than a minute before it was posted. Then it was Paty. Then, a bunch of other nameless acquaintances. I was sitting on my black couch in front of the unwatched television when I saw Clara in the list of spectators, before I got distracted by the sudden appearance of an old paramour.

This morning, I woke up with the notification that Clara—a couple of minutes past midnight and around two hours after she first saw it—went back to it to like it.

Right now I see La grain brûlée's toy ferris wheel spinning past the screen of my laptop as I consider whether or not echo my unseen message asking whether or not I'll see the last woman whom I am inevitably idolizing.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, November 9th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-09
Num Words: 970
Num Minutes: 55

"We'll see each other again, right? ...I hope?"

"Yeah; no, yes. Definitively."  I went to eat Falafel with Majo last night.

I don't remember the first half of the day up until I was sitting on the wall benches right at the middle of the quai of the metro. The earbuds in my ears made me feel invisible as I waited for her. I got there earlier.

She arrived and did not see me. She called me from one of the exits. When she came back, she got walked down to the opposite side of me. I saw her walking with hear headphones on her head. I whistled and called her name, but she did not notice me. When she finally turned, I pointed to the direction she was walking and met upstairs.

We decided to catch another train and move another station further west to get closer to the place.

We stayed in the food joint eating and talking, keeping each other company. We talked about friendship, family, and first love. Somewhere in our conversation I confessed to her how I was unsure of reaching out to Clara and if the date was going to take place.

My head went back to earlier this year and how I craved the idea of being pursued. How warmth it felt to be the one to affirm the question about the potential of meeting again. The disappointment of having to reach out to the void asking whether I am wanted or not.

Leaving Falafel Yoni, we had the intention of keeping the night and conversation alives in a bar nearby. We tried Dieu du ciel, Siboire, Henrietta, Datcha, Darling; we kept walking through St-Laurent hoping to find a place with some available space to sit down. By the time we passed Bifteck, we decided to just call it a night.

"Not to pressure you or anything, but I did say that I would text her when we were at the bar," I said to Majo when we were a couple of blocks before Station St-Laurent.

We talked about women's inherent issues with identifying or expressing their desire. I told her about the sex dream I had with Aliza during our evening and night together in Maryland. Then, I also talked about the way Alda got worried after I shared I had a sex dream of her, only to then share she had dreamed about me before, too, after I calmed down her nerves of thinking I was into her.

We parted ways when we went to different directions of the green line. I hid again in my music and wrote down a draft of the short text that I would send her in instagram, still unconvinced. I did not send it by the time the metro arrived.

I think I was already back home when I endede up reaching out. Not long after, she liked the past text from Monday and told me that she could do lunch today. She forewarned me, though, that she would have to get back to work. It was my call.

I woke up today without the alarm at around 6h or 7h. I dreamed that she had gotten back to me with a reason to cancel or postpone. There were no real new messages on the screen of my phone.

Around an hour later, she surfaced with a text proposing to meet at a dumpling place she's been intending to check out. She had a second suggestion, in case dumplings were not my thing, consisting of a café nearby that she frequents.

We did go to the dumpling place. I got there first. I peeked inside wondering if she was already there. I texted her asking about it. She was one minute away, she said, thus I stayed outside and sat down on a bench nearby.

She asked me about the birthday plans for tomorrow. I told her about the Lasertag, how I had already paid for it despite not being too fond of the idea, and Alda's offer of killing me prematurely to quickly end my suffering. I told her about the story I owed her about the second to last time I met with Vero and she made us crash a family party in a church. I asked her about if she missed our shared cultural custom of kissing on the cheek as a greeting and farewell. I then asked her if she has ever offered or been asked to take pictures of her dates. We talked about it. I don't remember if I told her how that question had rosen from my recent reading of the night with Bea.

I did not finish my plate of noodles. I told her that even though I did not want her to leave, I understoo if she had to. She asked me for the time before looking at it herself on her phone screen. It was 10 minutes before 14h, the time she had set aside for me.

"I have 10 more minutes, then," I said smiling. "Good."

The 10 minutes passed us and, maybe if I had not said anything about how she was giving me extra time, she could probably had stayed there for longer.

We payed for our food and walked together to the corner of the street. Somewhen in our date, I proposed to her to talk in French the next time we met. Somewhen, too, she apologized for not reaching out until Friday. She reassured me then that she would be less busy from now on. Still, when we were saying our goodbyes, just like last time, she proposed the doubt of whether we'd see each other again, and added the clarification that she would hope so. It was me who assured us both.

"She's making dating fun," I texted Alda.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, November 11th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-11
Num Words: 1715
Num Minutes: 35
Metadata:
- aldaprofka: "Dear diary, today, with @aldaprofka and @vero.raphael, I discovered there is actually some fun in killing 8 year olds." 
- vero: "Dear diary, today, with @aldaprofka and @vero.raphael, I discovered there is actually some fun in killing 8 year olds." 

"Dear diary, today, with @aldaprofka and @vero.raphael, I discovered there is actually some fun in killing 8 year olds."  I did not get home that late, but still I was exhausted enough that I decided not to open up my laptop to write.

Yesterday, I woke up already tired.

Alda reached out and gently reminded me that we had planned with Renzo to meet for Indian food in the early afternoon, in case I had forgotten. I thanked her and confessed that I actually did. That ruined my plans of sleeping in and barely function in my living room until the early evening before getting ready for meeting Vero. I instead got up from bed before noon and left the house not much after.

I was the first one to arrive to the indian restaurant. It was the second time in the week that I ate indian food. I waited outside leaning on a black parting sign listening to my iPod. Alda arrived a couple of minutes before the time we had agreed to meet Renzo. We decided to come inside and wait for him there, guarded from the autumn chilly winds. The waitress sat us in a table by the window. I made notice of how we could see him arrive.

We did not see him come. He got inside and saw us first. We talked a bit about what had happened in the three or four weeks since the last time we all met. That time we had gone to eat chinese noodles and walked aroud Old Port. He was telling us about a guy he was going to meet for the first time in Verdun. He has been dating him since. This man asked him to be boyfriends, but he got scared from the term.

Contrary to the indian restuarant I went to earlier in the week with Majo, this one was full of indian people. There was a large family dinning at the table in front of us. The waitress, just like the waiter before, warned me about the spice in my order.

We continued chatting and told him of our plans of meeting our friend, Vero, for her birthday and going to play lasertag. He told us about his experience and how the game usually works.

"Wait, how old were you when you played?" I asked him later.

He did not remember exactly, but he was a teenager.

Alda said that she felt like a drink, that maybe could help her enjoy the evening of the game. She proposed going to McKibbins. I tried to remember the times that I have been to that bar. I went to one of their branches with Aliza and some people of her lab, including Vlad. Other time, many months—years, maybe?—before, I went to a different one with Valerie. It was the date where I told her that I was thinking of applying for a job as an editor of a journal.

When Alda mentioned her plan of ordering straight Whisky, I offered her instead of going to N. I had just remembered reading the reference to that bar in the text I sent Majo a couple of days before. When we got there, after we sat down and maybe even after we had gotten our drinks, I told them about how I had been there three times before. The last time it was my last date with Sophie. Before that, I had gone on a date with a post-doc of McGill. The first one, it was also a date but with a couple whom I later accompanied home and spent the night at their house. All three of those times, I met with people whom I never saw again.

After finishing our drinks—them a glass of gin and me a cup of hot cider—we said goodbye to Renzo and made a stop at McDonald's to grab a quick coffee before going to Vero's. 

She had asked us to arrive at 17h at the latest, since we had to be at the place at 17h30 and we could not be late. We made it there and even got inside and went upstairs to her floor with plenty of time to spare. We knocked on her door after confirming her apartment number with her by text. Her brother Peter received us and made us small-talk while she finished getting ready. We were late. 

The guy at the entrance rushed us in and asked Alda to pay the rest of the entrance fee, since the deposit didn't cover it completely. He reached the terminal to her and the amount of 2.90 CAD appeared on the small screen. She tapped her card on the top to make it disappear. When it got to my turn, the screen displayed instead 26CAD. I hesitated before tapping my phone and asked him why the charges were different. I didn't completely understand his explanation since my mind was busy remembering how days before I had transferred money to Vero to cover for the deposit of the place. I looked at her and she offered to pay for it. I said nothing and just moved myself to Alda's side. 

As people kept paying, another 18 year old wearing a green polo with the logo of the place guided us to a small room where a video was playing with the instructions of the game. The room would have been pitch-black were not for the muted colours of the video on the large screen narrating a bunch of instructions that I did not completely understood. I noticed the dark shapes of a large group of kids sitting on the floor much much younger than the expected teenagers. 

"Do you have any questions?" the guy standing next to the screen reached out to the kids. 

"Are the grown-ups going to play, too?"

After the video ended and all of the kids went first to the room next door to grab the electronic vests that were hanging on two sets of protruding arms that extended from the facing walls, it was our turn to come in and get ready. I grabbed one and put it on awkwardly. I felt uncomfortable and self-conscious. I wanted the activity to end even before it started. 

The first half I felt uncomfortably shooting the electronic laser towards the children that were half of my size running around. I stayed on one of the corners and met Rowan, the only non-black friend of Vero other than me and Alda. 

"Oh, you speak Spanish?" she asked after I said something. "It shows," she finished the thought after I answered affirmatively. There was no malice in her way of saying it, yet I felt uncomfortable. 

Bliss—is that how his name is spelled—activated something that was called spy mode, which set to red the colour of his originally green vest. He was freely shooting at our base and perpetually earning points. I did not care enough to stop him. 

I tried to play the game, but I felt too self-conscious of my large body moving around.

The screen of my pistol stopped working. I went outside to tell one of the workers. He instructed me to switch vests. I lost all of the few points that I had earned. 

When I went back in, I decided to really try again. I moved to the back and decided to shoot at the kids that would try to approach and invade our base. I would silently shoot at their backs or shoulders without them noticing. Some of them just suddenly realized they had somehow ran out of lives, others did become aware of me but had no time to do anything about it. By the time the last game ended, even though I didn't notice if we won or lost, I saw that PLAYER11, me, had the most points of the red team.

We finished the night at an italian restaurant with some of Vero's friends. Alda and I shared half-a-liter of the house's white wine. I got a plate of minestrone soup and a sausage entrée. Alda got herself a caesar's salad—not realizing the waiter was upselling her when he offered—, a lasagna and a second cocktail. 

This morning I was able to wake up before 8h and get to the office on time. I made a stop at Baristello to buy a bag of coffee beans. I thought I could get a second one for Walter's birthday gift. There was an offer for three bags for 40 CADs. 

I got to the lab and bought me a large coffee and a carrot muffin from the cafeteria on the third floor. 

There was a students and post-doc's seminar where Jonathan presented his work under Sylvia and Sylvain's supervision. Majo got there and sat on the row of chairs by the wall behind me. 

Halfway through the talk, I went outside to pee and saw a women setting up the platter of pizzas. Before coming back in, she asked me if I knew how many people were inside. 

The talk ended and I went outside with Majo. Both of us got a slice of the vegeratian ones and went to a table where the second speaker was already standing. Neither of us acknowledged him. Emily, a friend of Majo, came and started talking to us. 

I went to meet with Jonathan to say Hi. He was talking to Neda. I was catching up with him, hearing about his upcoming thesis seminar and sharing my plans with doing my post-doc with Sylvia, when the lady approached me with a plate. 

"Here, I noticed you like vegetarian, have the last slice." 

Today, I finally got the reviews—or rather single review—for the HVR paper that I submitted back in late July. Daniel practiced his pre-submission meeting on our lab meeting. I registered for the ADPD conference that will take place on Vienna next spring and payed the 400EUR.

I texted Majo asking her if she wanted to do something in the afternoon. We went to Thomson house and talked about friendship, unhealthy attachment, my anxieties about showing my unreciprocated interest. She convinced me of reaching out to Clara and being open about my needs and expectations. 

I sent a text to both Clara and Paty. 

Clara replied back.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, November 12th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-12
Num Words: 810
Num Minutes: 35

 "Je t'écris pour t'informer que je viens de voir une souris courir dans mon appartemant."   I washed my sheets yesterday. The warmth and sweet smell made it more difficult to get out of bed in the morning. I had the PD meeting that was cancelled last week at the Neuro, but it was not until noon.

I made a stop at the bakery before taking the metro. This time, instead of buying a croisssant, I got myself a pain au choco-amandes and I started eating it on my way to the Neuro. I finished it even before getting to Station Sherbrooke.

This past few weeks I've been having to walk all the way to the office. They are working on des Pins, so the 144 bus takes a detour. These 4km walks might be a contributing factor to me losing weight. Last time I weighted myself I hit the soft goal of reaching 75Kg. Yesterday that I was walking to Thomson besides Majo, I was telling her how my green pants that I bought just a couple of months ago in Philadelphia are now loose on my body. I told her that I was still a couple of kilograms shy of my goal of reaching my body of two years ago. She told me that I was thin enough, and any more, to her eyes, would be too much.

I saw a notification from instagram in my phone as I was walking outside the metro station. It was from Paty. She had laughed at the reel I sent her that said: Cuando the escribo que estoy en tu ciudad y me respondes: ojalá te diviertas! 

"¿Cómo crees, Sofía?", says the second of the two messages that I did not open. 

I worked in the morning until the time came to look for the room where the meeting would take place. I saw Vicky pass by and I asked her if she knew where it would be. After she told me how it would be where the IGNS meetings take place and she was walking in direction to the Viper Pit, I asked her if she was going there. She said yes and offered me to walk with her. 

I felt hungry after the meeting despite having had breakfast. 

Aliza sent me the link for her mock candidacy. I did not have time to do much work before it was the time to connect. I took my ipad, headphones, a small notepad and my waterbottle and went towards the small cabine for videoconferences. The meeting started at 15H, and it wasn't until a couple of minutes before 17H that it ended. I made some coments and suggestions, but the majority of the feedback was given by her supervisors. 

I text Majo and told her how Aliza is even less ready than what I had thought. There was almost no information about the other aims that she has yet to start. I sent her an email with my thoughts and offered to help her in any way I can. We'll have a videocall tomorrow morning before my session with Fabiola. 

I passed by metro and bought a plate of hummus, a bag of bologna, a bag of caesar salad, and a small chicken sandwich. I ate the submarine on my walk to the metro. When I got to the station, I thought about passing by the library to pick up the book that was set apart for me. I started it on the way back home, but could not read more than a handful of pages. 

I got home, set aside my stuff and lied down on my couch to watch unimportant stuff in my phone. I sensed a shadow move in that barely perceptible field of view. I turned my head and caught notice of a small brownish mouse run in the white vent of the heating system of my apartment. 

I stood up paradoxically since the least thing that I wanted to do was to go search for the rodent. I drafted an email in French to Didier to let him know. I passed the broom through the apartment looking for droppings. There was a lot of dust—too much more than what should be—but no poops. I moved the bed and heard noises coming from the closet. I went there and saw another—hopefully the same, but probably not—mouse run from one end of the back closet towards the other.  I decided to put on some shoes and buy some traps from Dollarama. I had not finished setting my thoughts in order before I saw yet another—again, hopefully the same—small brown animal escape from the room towards the back of the television. 

Alda offered me to sleep at her place. I considered it, but decided against it. Hopefully I am able to sleep without focusing on the silence of the nigh

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, November 13th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-13
Num Words: 780
Num Minutes: 51

"So you enjoyed [it] generally speaking? 

"Also, there are not a lot of places where you can fight children legitimately."   After setting the traps, and one brief moment of around a minute when I continuously heard scratching, I heard nothing the rest of the night. I went to bed and slept in relative peace. 

I found it hard to wake up in the morning. I had agreed to have a videocall with Aliza to talk about her project proposal for her candidacy. I offered her anytime before noon, since I'd see Fabiola then. She picked 10h. I didn't get up until 40 minutes before our agreed time. I warned her that I would just shower and might end up connecting a couple of minutes late. 

I also had talked with Alda about meeting at Oui mais non to work together, after finishing with my therapy. She did not end up going. I told her it was fine and we could do it another time. 

My first couple of minutes with Fabiola consisted in telling her my adventures last night with the mice. I told her how Didier's response was pretty fast and even that morning I received an email from the guy would was supposed to come and put the products asking for my address in the very early morning. 

I talked about what has been happening with my increased social outings, and particularly with my latest phase of dating. I gave her a brief recap of my last dates with Clara and my anxiety about the similar patterns of communication that remind me of Sophie. In my retelling, I mentioned the conversation I had with Majo at Thomson on which I told her of my dilemma between starting to disconnect from this potential connection now that it is still early and being open emotionally and letting her know that I am interested in pursuing something further with her, but the ways we are communicating confuse me. 

Fabiola said that, in her opinion, it is not yet the moment to start working in letting go. Without knowing, she reaffirmed Majo's suggestion of giving her another date, another opportunity to talked about us, explicitly state our interest confirming it is mutual, and sharing our expectations of us, of each other. 

My breakfast was the oatmeal cookie I bought last night at Dollarama with the four mouse traps that I spread over my apartment. I drank the iced coffee I made myself during my call with Aliza. On my afternoon work in Oui mais non I ordered a chai latee. I have been working on implementing the code to run the CNN segmentation within the longitudinal pipeline. Tomorrow I am meeting with Louis and I don't have much to show him. I guess I can talk with him about the timeline and the scheduling of my thesis seminar early next year. 

At around 18h30, the screen of my laptop suddenly shut off. It had been a while since I looked at the battery icon appearing on the corner of the screen. I took out the book that I picked up yesterday from the library and read a couple of pages. When I finished the short first chapter, I grabbed my stuff, left my empty glass on the bus tray by the stairs and starting walking home. 

I don't remember exactly the time—it must have been before getting into the café—when I wrote a brief story narrating my night. When I was craving the other night not to sleep alone, I didn't mean to spend the night accompanied by mice running around in my room. As other times, I kept checking the viewers to see if I would see Clara's name in the list. She finally showed up around an hour or two after its inception. I was around the bakery where I buy my morning croissants when I saw the first notification letting me know that clarabelais had liked my message. Then, one by one, I could read the first portion of her subsequent replies on the following notifications. The last notification was, once again like as last week, letting me infer that she had gone back to my profile to see a story that she had already seen to purposefully like it. The evening was colder than I expected, so I put away my hands together with mi cold hands inside my jacket pockets.

When I opened her conversation I saw how not only had she replied to my comment about finally meeting a deadline and continued the conversation about my lasertag story, but also replied to the white text with the image of Mickey Mouse. 

"Not a mice fan ?" 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, November 14th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-14
Num Words: 1523
Num Minutes: 28

"hey, i really want to see you. it's very short notice, but are you free tomorrow? or this weekend?"  I was arriving to Station Jarry when Majo replied to my text saying they were still at Walter's house drinking mezcal and talking about their biggest heart-breaks. I was very tempted to do what I recently did with Majo of turning around and getting back to meet with them. Despite considering it, I did not go peeing before leaving Brewsky with Florence. I changed my mind mid-text and came back to my original plan of coming home. 

I went to the office in the morning since I had a meeting with Louis. Sasha switched places and moved to the Viper Pit with Marc Antoine and Raphaël. I remember not understanding Reza's questions about if it was personal for me leaving that office, but now seeing her grab her computer and switching places, I suddenly could relate to Reza's insecurity. 

I recevied Aliza's proposal document in the morning and I promised her that I would look at it throughout my day. I did. I kept going back to it here and then when I needed a distraction from my python script adapting the HVR CNN for modular use. 

"Sofía, I have a question. What is this?" asked me Raphaël early in my day, before I had even finished my coffee. I talked with him about my use of the terminal, tmux and vim. How I prefer a workflow that is centered on the keyboard. I talked about my choice of window manager and how coding and scripting became a hobby for me while I was doing my master's. 

In the early evening, I agreed to meet Majo before going to Walter's place. We went to have something to eat at McDonald's. On the way there she told me about how she feels in love with her work related to babies. She sees them, handles them, carries them, and feels some sort of intrinsic physical urge for them. She was sure of not wanting to have kids. A security that is no longer there. 

I told her about my two dreams: the one where I dreamed I had a period and the other one where I dreamed I had gotten pregnant. Maternity was a subject that we had been coming back to lately and which was very present in our conversation today. 

Since the very morning I woke up, particularly during my walk to the metro as I was going to the office, I kept coming back to the idea of reaching out to Clara despite not having an answer from my latest messages. I wanted to tell her—confess?—that I want to see her. Ask her if she is free this weekend, even despite the fact that mine it is not free. 

Miriam texted me during the day. She said that she had not found anything particularly fun for this Saturday. She proposed going for coffee or maybe going to the movies. I replied that both ideas seemed good to me. I asked her what films were recently out. The new gladiator movie with Pedro Pascal and Paul Mescal came to mind. I was disappointed to find out that it was still not out. I remembered Cinéma Moderne. Looking into their schedule I found a showing of several award winning shorts and a talk with one of the film-makers. I thought about the dating idea I had saved for Clara and proposed it as a platonic date for Miriam. She seemed fond of the idea, so I bought the two tickets. Later, she told that she'd confirmed with me later about when to meet, given she had an appointment that would end at 17h. I thought I could always invite Majo were she not able to make it. 

Walter texted us to say that he was ready and we were welcome to come to his house whenever we were ready just a couple of minutes after we finished our McDonald's burgers. 

Melissa, the friend that I met once with Aliza and Alda was the second person to arrive after us. Then it was Amelie and her boyfriend. Jana was the last one to arrive just around half-an-hour before it was my time to leave. She brought a cake and a six pack of chinese beers. 

"I love you", I told her jokingly as she took the warm bottles out of her backpack. 

I agreed to meet Florence at Brewsky at 20h. I had calculated to take a bus there, but I missed it. I had to walk—run—to catch the 107 one that would get me a bit closer. During the walk by the Old Port at night, as I passed next to the lamps that shined like a strip of lightened ants next to the barely visible water of the river, I kept thinking about Clara. I considered more and more sending out that text that was haunting me since the morning. 

A couple of minutes before my arrival, I opened the tinder conversation with Florence and there was a last message letting me know she had arrived. I told her how there were two sides/entrances to the same bar and we never agreed on which one to meet. I went to the wrong one and got in. I told the bus boy that I was not sure if my friend was already inside. All of the tables were full of people, so he told me they were probably on the other side. Florence was indeed on a table next by the entrance. 

It wasn't until I sat down in front of her that I noticed how she was the spitting image of Monica. The shape of her face, her round eyes, the silhouette of her smile. Years ago that would have been reason enough for me to want to be close to her, to find out if the taste of her lips would awaken those forgotten memories. 

In her strong french accent, she asked me if I was willing to get a tarot read. She had just gotten a deck from her friend, and she thought it would be fun to use it to find out my goal of the night. I excitedly agreed, without really worrying about what secrets would the cards reveal her. 

My card was the chariot. She explained how it had to do with the future. How I was coming in a way to find out how to move forward, discoreing what is it that I wanted and how I could achieve it. 

Hers was the fool. From what I understood it was about childhood innocence and playful discovery. 

We ordered our drinks and started our conversation. She mentioned how she had been going through something very dramatic. She had to send out very deep and emotional texts. Later in the night, she let me know that they had to do with a trans women who had gotten her pregnant. She aborted the baby and had to deal with the pain and grief of her choice without letting her know. Years later, she had come back to her life and she was not ready to face her. 

Offhandedly, she had mentioned she was tired. She had only slept a couple of hours last night. I told her I could relate thinking back to the fairly recent nights where I didn't need to sleep. 

"This is something that I always try to say on the first date. I am bipolar." 

For the first time, it wasn't me who had to confess something in the first date. 

Like Alice, many years ago, now it was me who said me too. 

When I asked her about her experiences disclosing to her dates, I shared that for me personally it was not something that I really think of during my dates. It wasn't until one or two hours later that I finished the thought and let her know that I am trans. 

She did not know. 

I saw in her eyes as she connected the dots moments before mentioning outloud the trans flag that is next to the mexican one in my profile. She had seen it, noticed it, suspected it; yet she was not sure. She saw my pictures, she saw me in person, she was sitting, facing me, for hours, and yet she was still surprised when I mentioned it. 

After two pints on my side and three of hers, we called it a night. We walked together to the metro and rode the orange line until Berri-UQAM, where she took off to switch to the green line. 

As she exited the train, I sat down on a free seat by the window. I grabbed my phone, opened Majo's conversation to let her knwo how I would talk to her about my latest date in relation to 1) being bipolar, 2) maternity, 3) her being the spitting image of Monica, 4) the trans flag, and 5) the tarot reading. 

In another conversation, I wrote a raw, vulnerable, and hopeful text that I desperately hope won't go long before being opened and eventually replied.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, November 15th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-15
Num Words: 853
Num Minutes: 48

"hi Sofía, sorry i am not really..."   Sonny thinks I might be slipping somwhere closer into a hypomanic episode. After yesterday's conversation with Florence and how she was hospitalized for a month in a mental institute while having psychosis, the word mania feels so far away and unreachable. 

Before I was first diagnosed a couple of years ago, I remember posting a picture of me sitting at a table in Argana, arching my fingers over the wood and smiling directly to whoever was behind the camera. The caption below the picture said: Male version of me; he's hot. 

Tonight I felt the urge to look for a picture of 10 years younger. I found one standing in front of the ruins of somewhere in Spain. My hair is just as black; shorter, but not too much. There is dark facial hear around my mouth, which is arched in a subtle but warm smile. My eyes are smaller, but the difference is barely noticeable; present yet so faint that you can only perceive something different without being able to locate its origin. I contrasted that picture with one more than 120 months in the future. I am standing somewhere in this apartment, wearing a blouse in a red only a couple shades away from the previous one. My skin seems softer, a delicate softness that is apparent as a lighter tone. My eyes seem fuller and rounder. Unlike in my previous life, there I don't care for subtleties; my smile is full, overbearing with intention. Despite being a decade older, there is an aura of youth around me. 

"Radiant", was how Sonny described me. 

I, just like a couple of years ago, felt tempted to share this stark contrast. 

Who looks older? 

Last night, Florence shared with me her intimate and personal story of having aborted a pregngny from an Australian trans woman. I can't remember now if I was thinking of her, of my own Monica, when touched myself under the sheets. Maybe it was about the preambles of my first kiss with Alexia, or the usual fantasy of what would have happened had I kissed the woman of the couple with whom I was cuddling on her couch. The fantasy evolves to me accepting the advances of her partner. I grab him without letting go of his girlfriend. I turned towards him and start kissing him. I rub his chest while her hands are on my body. I unzip his pants and start following with my mouth the path that hands had just walked. I was not thinking of Florence nor her trans partner before I reached my orgasm. It was not until I felt the clear and warm liquid that stained my cheats and wet my fingers, that they came to my mind. 

I woke up early in the morning. I attributed it to the alcohol my lack of capacity to go back to sleep despite being 7h. I was on my phone. I replied to some texts, maybe Sonny's maybe Alda's.

It was later in the morning. I was just starting to wash the dishes before starting to brew my iced coffee. I was on a call with Sonny. Clara's name showed up in a red notification on the top of my screen. The first words that I unintentionally read made me lose my breath. My mind stopped in the middle of a thought as I just stopped speaking. Another notification followed. I left the soaped up dishes and walked towards my room when a third one came. 

I didn't want to open them. Instead I refreshed the story of what had happened to Sonny. 

With the context that I could infer from the half-messages that I was able to read by the shooting notifications, my worry of an outright rejection was almost completely dissipated. 

I don't remember if I was still on the call with Sonny, when I dared to fully read what Clara had said.

"...really reactive [...] unfortunately this weekend i have a friend visiting from California, trying to juggle between this and work, i'm not sure i would have some time left tho i would have loved seing you.

"i'll let you know about like sunday maybe, but can't promise," she continued, as if she wanted to avoid a rejection. 

Throughout the day I have been trying to work, but I have not been able to successfully hold my focus. 

"me tome mis pastillas hace como 45 minutos y ya me estoy empezando a sentir mal", said one of the texts that I sad Majo a couple of minutes ago. 

I was tempted to order a couple of A&W burgers, but instead decided to eat a second pita with hummus and bologna. The last pita bread had a green spot of mold. I considered again the idea of ordering, before thinking about using a couple of corn tortillas instead. They were damp in a liquid that I didn't quite trust. Fortunately, I found a bag of instantaneous soup on my counter. Now I'll have another bowl of it, before going to pass out on my bed

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, November 16th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-16
Num Words: 859
Num Minutes: 44

"Yeah I’d love to. Thinking about you now cause I quickly went to support a friend doing stand up in a Mexican place, everything is in Spanish and I’m the only persona non Latina, experiencing your church feeling tonight."  I walked up to the pharmacy and noticed a gray fence blocking the entrance. I was confused until I noticed the times posted by the door. Weekends closing hours are 18h. This might be the first night skipping a dose.

Despite going to bed relatively early last night, I couldn't get out of bed before noon.

Miriam said she would be picking me up at 15h. I postponed the alarm until 13h, giving me plenty of time to shower and get ready. After coming out of the bathroom and putting on my clothes I had still time left to make and drink an iced coffee.

I wore the black t-shirt from my trip to Puerto Vallarta a couple of years ago, and a thin pullover from back when I used to be a teenager. The combination of the padless bralette and the fitting racerback shirt made my chest look flat.

Last night, as I was in bed, under the covers and with the lights dimmed of, I got the notification of two new messages from Clara. I took a screenshot of the notifications and sent them to Majo. A few hours ago, she sent me a reel of two women hugging with the caption No solo ilusionaste a mi amiga, nos ilusionaste a las dos porque yo viví su historia como si fuera la mía. 

I haven't received a text from Clara letting me now if she'll have time to meet tomorrow. I don't know anymore if I want to receive that message that I was looking forward to. I had gotten home from my platonic date with Miriam. I saw a story from Alex with his—I suppose—partner at Centre Bell. I replied to it asking if they were in Montréal. Unlike the girls I date, he replied almost instantly. We exchanged a couple of messages and he let me know they'd stay here until Monday morning.

"Que vas a hacer mañana en la nochi?" 

I thought about how free second-half of Sunday that was conveniently left empty for a potential date that would probably not happen. My reply last night to Clara had been seen a couple of hours before. There were no messages under it.

"estaba quedando con alguien mañana, pero no se hizo nada. estás/están libres??" 

I will meet them around Old Port by around 19h. I will have plenty of time after my brunch with Sarah in the late morning. She sent me a quick and subtle confirmation text this evening. 

I had realized after my date with Florence that I don't want to meet any new people. I sent a message to the newest match that appeared on my Tinder. Her bio ended with I love hot nerds.  

"i am a nerd, i am kinda hot, and i am ready to be loved."  

Almost as quick as her first reply did the conversation finally died. 

Miriam picked me up 20 minutes after 15h. We parked the car close to Dieu du ciel. We walked to La drogheria fine, and ordered two boxes of gnocchi. I think they overcharged her, but said nothing. We continued our conversation as we walked towards the park in front of Siboire. She told me about how she lived in Querétaro. She talked about her son. When we finished our cheap meals, we decided to go to the Cinema and wait there until 17h30, when the shorts would start. 

She was unsure whether ordering alcohol or not. I told her that I would have it if she did, but I had no problem drinking something else. She must have debated the idea in her own head before deciding to get a cider. We got two glasses of the house cider. She also paid for them. We took our drinks to the high table bar and she continued telling me the story of how she got to know Misael. 

The second half of our conversation in the cinema consisted in her updating me about the guy she was seeing for a year and with whom she met the night we came back from Ottawa. We went inside to the theater, grabbed our seats, and she finished telling me how she had decided to stop seeing him. 

The shorts were not good. I enjoyed only the second one, Gender Reveal. The director came afterwards and answered a couple of questions. When we got back to her car, I asked her to leave me by the metro station since I needed to pick up my medication at the pharmacy. We said our good-byes and I told her to update me about her date tomorrow with the French guy. 

As I am finishing this words, I got the idea of taking my camera next time I see Clara and asking her to take a picture of me. 

"cuando lo de clara no se de, vamos a sufrir las dos" was my reply to Majo's reel. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, November 19th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-19
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 51

"Are free anytime this weekend?

"You*"  Fabiola suggested me to give writing another try. I started our session by telling her how these past few days I have not been feeling that great. I did not go to the office neither today nor yesterday. Both days I found it really hard to get out of bed.

I skipped my dosis Saturday night. I met with Sarah Sunday morning. We met outside Le toasteur. The wait was going to be an hour, so she took my offer of getting a coffee beforehand at Café Nocturne. I told her my story of being stood up and curing my hungover at that same place. 

We chatted and had our late breakfast. I walked her to her car by Parc Jarry. We talked about meeting again some time before my departure next month. On my way back to my apartment, I passed by the pharmacy to finally pick up my medication. 

I don't remember if I wrote about it, but I met with Alex. I saw his story with his partner at Centre Bell and after slightly catching up, we agreed to meet Sunday evening. I proposed Brewsky. It was the first time either of us saw each other since College. I enjoyed talking with him much more than I thought I would. 

Miriam texted me asking how my date had been. I asked her about her coffee date with her French guy. "No me gustó," she told me. "Todo me dice que ahorita le pare y me enfoque en los negocios." 

Coming back from my second platonic date, after promosing him that I would send him my journal entry of my night with Bea, I grabbed my laptop and took it with me to bed. Instead of writing about our chat, I went in and edited it a bit more. I uploaded the pdf to Google Drive and sent him the link. Yesterday—or maybe today—he liked the message as a mark of appreciation. 

Yesterday was a day that I completely lost. 

I did try to work. I sat down at the computer and continued working on my scripts. I progressed. I still felt like I failed. 

I had no food and lacked the energy to put on clothes for going outside to get groseries. I ordered myself a pizza, justifying the high price with the fact that it would serve me for three or even four days. 

I don't want to write about Nicola and how she liked me on hinge, forgetting that we had met and gone out on a date two or three years ago. I don't want to write either about Isabelle—is that even her name?—with whom I exchanged instagram accounts after she apologized for not responding to my texts. have u had the time to stalk the old pics in my profile or was it just me? 

I feel the sadness creeping up in the corners, like the little mice that have sneakily eaten all of the peanut butter that I put in the traps. In my session I briefly talked about the idea of being a mother or a father. 

"im not sure but i think my first kiss could have been considered sexual assault"

The subject seemed to come up again. Majo started talking about one of her friend talking about how her last date had been so attentive and caring, by walking her to the metro. We started talking about gender expectations, and their difference in homosexual relationships compared to straight ones. Aliza brought up the safety issue, which led me to mention how I overtrust my dates because they are women. 

I did not bring the subject up to Fabiola. I remember how the last time that I thought about this and mentioned it to Sonny, I intentionally left it out or avoided going into detail when I wrote about that day in the journal. Right now, again, I seem to be doing everything to walk around it. 

Aliza asked me how old we were. I told her I don't really remember. I had not reached puberty, and neither of them either. They played putting on a lipstick that smelled rancid to me. I felt uneasy even before they started. They both got over me and I couldn't move away. I don't remember feeling their lips even though they both kissed me all over my face and neck. The only thing I remember is the smell. Would it not count anymore if they missed my lips? 





------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, November 24th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-24
Num Words: 2114
Num Minutes: 42

"I thought about it, but wasn't sure, on our first date. I knew it after the second. And, now, right now, I really, really want to kiss you."  A couple of days ago, Majo brought up a recent conversation she had with Aliza. She said she would tell me everything the next time we would see each other. I might have been coming back from working at Oui mais non.

I asked her what were her plans for the next day, Saturday, yesterday. She was supposed to meet some friends, but that was supposed to happen at night. I offered her to meet me before and I could buy her the coffee that I owed her for giving me the idea of my third date with Clara.

Earlier in the week, I double-texted her telling her about a current LGBT film-festival—the one that Majo had just told me about—there were a couple of movies that caught my eye. One on Friday and the other on Saturday at 21h. She replied back less than an hour later, saying that she would love to go with me, Saturday would work better, and that we could meet a bit before. A couple of days later, she finalized the plan by asking me if meeting at 19h30 would work for me.

I suggested Majo to meet at 15h, somewhere around Berri-Uqam or place-des-arts. That same morning, we changed our plans to meet at 14h.

I finished getting ready. I wore a black denim skirt over black tights and a blue over-sized top. I put on eyeliner and a subtle eyeshadow. Last minute, I decided to open a new set of contacts. I confessed to Majo that I felt displeased with how I was looking. She told me she would let me know after seeing me. I was aware that my over-consciousness came from an irrational place and was not-based in reality.

I put my camera inside my purse and took it with me. I talked with Majo about my impulse of asking Clara to take a picture of me. Although I was not convinced of actually doing that, since Majo would be seeing her friends, I could kill some time by trying to finish the roll in those free hours before meeting Clara.

Majo and I went to Lola Rosa. We shared a poutine. We stayed a couple of hours in the restaurant. Lately we have been seeing each other quite frequently and for long periods of time. She told me that I looked good, pretty. By that point, my distasteful insecurity had downgraded to a faint indifference.

We stayed around the area, walking around complexe desjardins. For a while we stayed sitting by the christmas tree looking at the children play with balloons around it. There was a baby that we jokingly referred to as bebé señora.

We talked about my date. A couple of days ago, Majo told me that she believed I should not concern myself with telling Clara about me being trans, and instead focus on disseminating how I really feel about her.

A guy passed by and looked at me from head to toes. Majo noticed him first. Even now, as I am writing this, I am not sure how exactly do I feel with this idea of being seen and not being sure of the intention behind being noticed.

Majo's friend arrive and Majo introduced us. She was coming from a date, also her third. We went to Le central and sat down by an indian spot. A bit later, another friend of theirs joined us.

At around 19h15, I stood up and started heading to Berri-UQAM. I opened Clara's conversation on instagram 13 minutes later. Three gray dots let me know that she also had the conversation open on her end. My message appeared first stating that I was inside the station, at the very center of it, sitting on the only available place to sit. Then it was hers, letting me know she was waiting for the metro to come here.

Around 15 minutes later she arrived. We hugged. I considered the idea of kissing her on the cheek, but decided not to. We went outside and walked by the village looking for a place to drink something. We passed by la graine brûlée and I mentioned it was a café that I liked which had coffee, tea, and even drinks. We considered going in, but I let her take the choice. I argued that I had picked our activity and the movie, it was her turn to decide. We continued walking.

Somewhen in our walk she noticed a limousine waiting by the red light. I told her about quinceañeras in Mexico, and how it's really normal for 15 year old girls and their chambelanes to ride them before their party celebrating turning into women.

"Did you have one?" she asked me.

I hesitated before replying. "No," I said as a half-truth.

"You did not become a woman?"

"I became a woman in quite a different way."

We got to the next metro station before we decided to head back. None of the bars looked appetizing. We returned to the first proposed café. We grabbed each a can of a cocktail, she got herself a brownie. By the cashier, there were two shots next to the question ce que vous prefereriez: One had a piece of paper that said ne plus jamais tomber amoroux. And the other ne plus jamais baiser.

I took that philosophical question and used it as a spark for our conversation. She said that not falling in love again would be too sad. I counter-argued that it would be horrible being in love with someone and not being able to have sex with them.

We walked back to UQAM and got into the theater where they would project the movie. She left to pee and I stayed waiting for her. I noticed a familiar face in a small group of people to my right. She was a woman whom I have seen on the apps. I was not sure if we ever talked or even matched.

As we waited to get in, Clara asked me if I had preferences concerning where to seat in the theaters. I said that as long as it wasn't the first rows, I did not really mind. I returned the question to her, and she told me how she likes seating on the very ends, in case she has to get out for an emergency or something.

"That is called anxiety, love."

We got in and struggled to find to connecting available seats. We scouted for them and ended running to the front rows to grab two on the opposite end of the hall. I graciously offered her the aisle seat. Both of us followed my idea of putting our coats on the back of our seats. 

During the movie I kept thinking about reaching over to her seat. Sometimes I wanted to put gently my hand on her thigh, but her legs were crossed and pointing to the other direction. Other times I wanted to stroke her arm and arriving on her hand, grabbing it, but her hands were busy holding themselves. I just laid my arm on our shared armrest and waited for her. 

By the end of the movie, her elbow and full arm were positioned right next to mine. I felt the warmth of her body through her pink sweatshirt. We stayed in that position during the Q&A with the director. 

When the questions ended, I patted her thigh and looked her in the eye as I said, "I have to ask you something." 

She looked at me serious and expecting me to continue. I held her sight as I grabbed my coat and started it putting it on while we slowly stood up. 

"Right now?" she said, trying to figure out what I was going to ask. 

"Yes," I started. "Can you take me to the restrooms." 

"Sofía, you are so dramatic." 

We walked back to the metro station. We went inside and were looking for the way to our direction. I asked her if she was hungry, referring back to a funny moment where a grumbling sound came from her stomach and she apologized. She said she could eat. I offered her to look for some place. It was close to midnight, yet she did not disregard my attempt to prolong our goodbye. 

She proposed a pub close to her house and by the metro station. We rode the metro and got off at station Beaubien. We got there and double-checked in the maps that it would close at 2h. When we got inside, the waitress warned us that the kitchen was going to close soon. We shared a small bag of fries. She got herself a lager and I a glass of cider. 

I told her my rehearsed speech of having two available secrets and letting her choose one. 

"On one hand, I have option tea. On the other, there's option Kafe, but with a K, like in German." 

She picked option K, so I confessed my desire to kiss her. She smiled surprised, but kept herself from saying me too in any form, either verbal or not. 

"So, what about option T?"

I asked her if she wanted all the build-up or just saying it straight up. She picked the former. 

I told her how I did not know if she knew already, but now I thought not. I told her how my friend had told me not to tell her, actually. I might have made a reference to the quinceañera conversation we had, but she did not remember the term, and thus, missed the connection. So, I just said it. "It's that I am trans." 

We continued talking about it for a bit. She just nodded, as a signal of understanding. I kept myself from asking, in any form, verbal or not, so, is it an issue for you? 

Later, I asked her, "but, what about you? on which date did you first want to kiss me?" 

"Well," she smiled again. "I'm not sure. Perhaps this one, maybe not." 

"Yeah? maybe a future one?" 

We kept looking straight at each other and smiling. 

We paid our bills and put on our coats. I asked her which directions would she head out to. She pointed to the left. For me, I would have to take the night bus, since it was past 1h, which was to the right. We headed outside to the cold night. I looked her straight in her blueish green eyes, waiting. She smiled fully and asked me what was it. I laughed and lied by saying "nothing." 

She offered me to walk me to the bus. I reaffirmed her that she really did not have to. 

"It's OK," she insisted. "I can walk with you, and just not wait until it passes." 

I understood she was buying time, before either deciding if she wanted to kiss me, or gathering the will to do it. 

We saw the bus that she would take back to her house pass. When we got to the metro station, I offered her to go inside and see if another one was going to pass. In my phone, I saw there was still another metro towards Montmorency. I had 10 minutes. 

I brought up again le festival triste next Saturday, but after confirming its time, she let me know it would be impossible for her to attend. I asked her if we could see each other again before our departures in December. 

"Yes, yes, absolutely," she said so sure of herself leaving me no space for doubt to set in. 

"So, you said something about kissing me." 

"Yeah, I think I did," I said back smiling, excited for what was about to happen next. 

I forgot exactly her words that made me tease her with "you don't sound very convinced." 

Her smile did not go away, as she said, "non, non; I really want to." 

I walked towards her and put my hand in her puffy arm over her purple coat. I felt her lower lip first. We continued kissing as she put her fingers in my now messy hair. I got closer until I felt the warmth of her thigh. I started smiling without pulling away. 

I saw her slowly pulling away and opening her eyes. 

"That was nice," she said smiling. We said our good-byes and she started walking away. 

"I will see you," were her last words before she left and I entered the metro station to catch the last train home.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, November 27th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-27
Num Words: 794
Num Minutes: 152

 Por años, el rojo fue mi color favorito.  Qué ingenua;  ¿cómo podría comparar el fuego y el vino  con la cálida bienvenida de  su mirada turquesa e infinita,  incendiada en la luz ámbar de la madrugada? 

Ofrecí venderle un secreto.  Qué ingenua;   ¿cómo podría guardar cualquier misterio  si, al mirarme así y sin decir nada,  el océano inquieto de sus ojos  me desarma, me desnuda y me vuelve a vestir?   I got sick after Saturday. Sunday I started with a tingling bad omen in my throat. The next morning, I replied to an email to the lab letting them know that it would be impossible for me to join the lab meeting. I slept most of the day.

A sore throat turned into cough which then turned into allergy symptoms.

This morning Aliza practiced her candidacy presentation in a Zoom call with Majo and me. I woke up at around 7h. I showered and walked to the bakery to buy myself a croissant for breakfast. I had it with a large mug of coffee sitting down at my desk not working.

Aliza is more ready than a couple of weeks ago. I think she will do fine. Probably even better than how I did.

We dropped the call and I got back to my coding. I haven't been able to be productive all week. I need to have something ready to show Louis tomorrow, especially if I intend to tell him about my flight in two weeks.

I am wearing my mustard pants with a white button-up under a wine-coloured sweater. When she saw me, Aliza asked me if I had dressed up to go to the lab or if I was just overly-dressed to stay home. I did not tell her—I think—that I have a date with Sarah tonight.

Is it really a date?

I thought about cancelling. I had reason enough to do it. I did not.

A couple of days ago I let Clara know that I had gotten sick and was worried about being contagious. She non-chalantly disregarded my worries by saying that, being the flu season, she would be getting sick one way or another.

I did not let it go and brought up explicitly my insecurity by mentioning our kiss. I regretted my response shortly after sending it and considered deleting it. It remained unseen for a complete day. To this moment, it is unacknowledged.

I told Majo about my regret and she asked me about it. I told her I was embarrased and would prefer not to let her know its contents. It was as if keeping it a secret I could avoid the responsability of it.

I opened up this dairy thinking about how I haven't written in it all week. I drafted a short poem at the top, as an epilogue. After finishing a wave of dread washed over me. An intense urge to run away shocked my legs. Going away, escaping. I texted Majo about how I felt the urge to ignore the inexistent message that I did not receive from Clara, how I wanted to actively avoid seeing her in the next few weeks and to force me to calm down my potentially uncontrolable and unwarranted emotions.

She asked me where I was. After I told her I was still in my apartment, she offered to call me. We talked for a bit about how I am feeling. I confessed how I am scared by the intensity of my infatuation.

"The kiss did not make it better," she said somewhere in our conversation.

A couple of days ago I posted a story on instagram of the pink book I borrowed from the library. Next to it was the pink mug that Paty had given me. I made no mention of it, despite intentionally including it in the frame. Paty took my bait and sent me a short but direct acknowledgment. Amo. 

As if it meant anything, I avoided opening the conversation like a payback for the many times that my messages were left as castaways. Yesterday, I posted another story with a similar intention, but different objective.

For some reason, immediately after posting a second one referencing my trip to Mexico, I hid it from Clara's eyes. But, Paty saw it. She reached out, again, asking me if I was coming to Mexico once again.

This morning—or was it last night?—I replied to her.

Misael added me to a group chat with information about his birthday party on the 14th. Curious, I went to the newborn chat's list of members, with the explicit intention of seeing how many people I would recognize, and the preconscious urge of looking for a specific name in there.

jalilorthega a créé le groupe. 

jalilorthega a ajouté urfuckii.supreme.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, November 28th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-28
Num Words: 774
Num Minutes: 69

 Los he visto parar el tiempo al curvarse en un gesto.  He probado de ellos el futuro en un beso sabor a promesa. 

Pero de tus labios, lo que más me fascina,  es cuando dibujan sobre la noche mi nombre en un susurro.   I did not go to the office today either. I will not go tomorrow filling the week in absences.

I have worked, but not as much as I should. I have completely disregarded by now the idea of finishing my third manuscript before the Christmas break. I confessed to Louis this as well as my departure from Montréal in the next couple of weeks.

Before my meeting with Louis, as I was opening my emails looking for any updates, I was surprised by Melissa's name and her two-year-old answer to one of my emails birthed from a manic-induced project.

She talks about catching up with old emails provoked by the need of cleaning up memory. She longs for a delete forever option that would work in her own mind. Her message ends with a provoking sign-off:

Te pregunto, ¿lograste aceptarte y quererte? 

"have i not grown up in two years?" I reached out to Majo.

For some reason, I opened instagram on my web browser and started threading through old stories. I saw my hair change, grow and get shorter. I saw the different memes that referenced particular moments of my past, like inside jokes for myself let out teasing about a private life held off from the unknowing parties.

"Sientes que sí o no?" says Majo's text.

"not sure" was the only thought I got.

This morning I have been talking with Paty. I had replied a story of hers on which she poses with a dress in front of a mirror before going to a Belanova concert. She wanted to know if my shock was good or bad. I just said that I thought it might have been the first time I saw her in a dress. She proved me wrong with a picture of a group of us posing at one of Yaaj's events. I replied taking responsability of my own error with a picture of her of that same day walking up the stage to introduce somebody for something. Both pictures were from the event on which we openly flirted with each other, on which we broke the touch barrier and she leaned on my shoulder several times throughout the night. It was the same night when she said the famous words Ay Sofía, sólo porque tengo novia, sino, súper sí.

I told her about seeing her one day during the week that I will stay in Mexico City. I mentioned having something to give her, despite me not having bought anything yet. I kept flirting with her in the following texts before we actually set in stone the intentions of seeing each other by ourselves.

¿Ahora, de nuevo, vas a volver a dejarme ir sin besarme? 

Tomorrow is Aliza's candidacy exam. She told us about going to a bar somewhere by Atwater at night after she goes to Temple. I am still undecided if I will go or not. Majo, on the other hand, is sure that she will skip it.

Earlier I shared with Alda my idea of a potential second game I could propose to Clara. When I fantasized about sharing a bottle of wine as a date in my apartment, the other part of it consisted in playing We are not really strangers. I asked her if it would be possible to borrow it from her, and if she believed it would be a good idea. She answered affirmatively to both of my queries.

When I mentioned it to Majo, she had another insightful observation.

"Wey, pero o sea, justo eso habiamos hablado. Que con amigas, a usted no le molesta hacer cosas; o no sobre-piensa todas las acciones que quiere hacer; pero, con la gente que usted quiere como pareja, o como algo, duda de cada acción y que eso induce tal vez más ansiedad." 

She finished suggesting that maybe I should treat Clara more like a friend. Because she is also that, not only a—potential—partner, but also a friend.

I told her I disagreed. I argued that, despite having things in common, a friend's love is characterized as it not being born from desire.

We then changed the topic, when I told her about Melissa's email.

Several times I wanted to tell her, but decided not to, that I have been writing poetry and using chatGPT to translate it into French, to get an idea of how she would read it.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, November 29th, 2024
Date: 2024-11-29
Num Words: 762
Num Minutes: 32

 I felt a quiet sadness after I wrote you a poem in my language, one you don't understand.  Then, I was struck by how much more beautiful it reads in yours, a language I cannot speak.   I haven't replied to Melissa's mail. 

I just got home from Aliza's post-candidacy exam night at the bar. She asked us to meet her at 21h45 after her going to Temple. Majo had told me she was not thinking of going. I was still undecided until this afternoon. 

I did not sleep very well. At 3h I drafted a story after editing some old pictures I found in my archive. The first one said: I wonder if I write poems of people I have just met for the same reason I like take photographs of people who do not know me. It was the picture of the blonde young women sitting on a bench in the small baie by San Diego's airport. I took it with Sonny's camera at the exact moment she turned towards me. The moment exacerbates the cheapness and lack of controls in the plastic camera, which results in a dream-like blurriness. The second one, a black-and-white shot of a man sitting down framed by the pilars of somewhere inside Central Park, has the following conclusion: Perhaps there is a particular beauty in creating art from complete strangers. 

There was a third one that I worked on, but decided not to post. It was a shot taken by Sonny of a subway train leaving one of the stations. The coloured filter and lack of light gives it a touch that I found emotional and nostalgic. In the text framing this snapshot, I directly referenced both of the poems that I wrote these past nights, and the division marked by the language barrier; the impossibility of sharing a deep personal part of myself in a way that can be completely percieved. 

Lastly, I edited a picture of a mural of a pair of children; the boy holding a bouquet of flowers behind his back, and the girl in front of him a mace enlaced in nails. I titled the picture Amor y defensas. 

I fell asleep some time before 5h. I had some failed attempts of waking up on which I looked at the phone to see the number of people who had seen my intimate midnight sharings. I was not satisfied until I saw Clara's name in the list. The next time that  I grabbed my phone, the notification with her name of it was about new messages in our conversation. She started by wishing me a speedy recovery to my healthiest self and reassured me that her potential sickness might be more a sign of her hypochondria. She apologized again about not being a quick responder and mentioned an unexpected issue with her apartment. Then, she went back like she's has been doing since our first date and liked both my second story and my posted picture. Did she suspect that my poem referenced her? Would she feel flattered or threatened? Was I hoping for her to mention it in our conversation or to ask me directly? 

She has not replied back. I told myself that, regardless of whether she replies or not, I'll reach out tomorrow again, possibly asking her about her peruvian's friend lunch and maybe offering her information about the sad short films, but definitely asking her about our last date of the year. 

I met with Alda in the early afternoon, after finishing the second half of vegetabe soup I cooked this week. We went to a couple of shops looking for a cute detail to buy for Paty and Misael. She wanted to get something for Sonny, too.

One of the stores was Indigo, on which I bought myself a French book, despite just a couple of days before telling Sarah that I had decided not to buy books again and instead getting them out of the library. I considered getting a black mug with two—one red and another blue—mixtapes. It was a bit cheaper than the previous option I found at Urban Outfitters, a white and black taller cup that had several motifs that reminded me of her. 

Jokingly, when I was texting Majo, I told her that my idea was of getting a postcard from Montreal and writing on it: A mi crush que más años ha durado. Siempre (casi) tuya, S. 

I finished the joke with the idea of signing with the lipstick outline of a kiss. But, that second part was actually a 

