------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-01
Words:   781
Minutes: 18

I followed Paola in Twitter. Yesterday I did it impulsively. It didn't work and I tried again. It did nothing. I left the phone and went to bed. I was talking to Catherine, I remember. I think so. She fell asleep before I did. In those moments of loneliness I grabbed the phone again and tried once more. This time I clicked the little oval of my face and a green checkmark appeared under it. I clicked accept. It was done. 

She might already had seen it. Catherine posts things in her own profile. She tags me and has retweeted posts of mine. Paola and Chevo might have seen already how she writes she thinks I'm pretty or how she loves me. Maybe it was just a confirmation. Maybe it did surprised her. 

I wondered if I could send her a text message to her. Telling her about the name, about me. Saying how she knows before Chevo and Jessica. "See, I don't want to leave you out." Asking her what she thinks about me telling Paola. 

It worries me. What's her opinion on my name? Is it just a nickname? Is it just something to appease me with? Maybe I do project my own rejection unto others. 

That wasn't how I felt when I woke up and saw the notification of her username following me. 

I felt acceptance. I felt less alone. I was excited. I stayed in bed. The bed was so comfortable and cozy. I didn't want to get up. I did not until after noon. Luis came to my room and asked me, no, told me, we were going to eat. "It's too early", I answered. 

He left. It was 1 o'clock. 

I got up and swallowed my pills. I have just enough for tomorrow and the day after. I might need to ask Rene for a new prescription. It's more than 6 months old. 

They have not said anything about it, but if they deny it to me, I would have to go one day without it. 

I told my father about my glasses. They are loose and opened. One lens falls out from the rim. It was a mistake. He told me we could go to the optic and ask for a repair. They might ask for them back. I couldn't stay without glasses. I have already accustomed to this new prescription. Going back would be a headache. 

My mother had to go anyway to repair hers. I didn't get off. I waited. 

They asked me again about when will I go to the tailor. Will I go tomorrow? I should take it now. Fix it. Do something. 

I don't want to. I don't want to wear it, I don't want to put it on and let someone take measures of it. I don't want to. I don't care. I don't care if it doesn't fit, if it looks hideous. I don't want it. 

I should go anyway. 

My mother saw my face when she asked me. Did she related it with what she knows? Does she still know? Does she remembers? 

We went to this brazillian restaurant of meat. A sort of buffet where they keep offering you these fancy cuts. It was expensive. I drank a glass of sangria and my head hurts. I am irritated. I feel... something. 

I have to go to the tailor and to the pharmacy. My mother gave me the money to the therapy. She asked me right after telling me of the tailor. She did relate it. She does remembers. 

It might just be about giving me money. Paying for a service I need. Just as I would need their money to fix the suit, I need their money to go to therapy. To treat "my situation". 

I was lying in bed thinking about everything and nothing I opened the calendar. I have  the appointment on april 7th. A little more than two months. 

I have less than 10 weeks. Ten weekends in which I can tell my parents. 

I told my mother already. I talked and told and confessed. I shared. I felt this kind of euphoria and excitement the next day. Will it be like that when I tell my dad? Will his reaction be different? 

Will I cry as much? 

"I have women's pants" I said to him. 

"You don't notice. I've worn make up and you haven't realize." I was about to say to him. 

It was the alcohol in me. 

Will it be cheating if I drink before? 

Could I just tell my mom about the doctor and ask her to tell my dad? 

Why does it feel forbidden? Who forbade it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-02
Words:   774
Minutes: 26

"I was downtown and she came up to me. 'Hi, do you remember me?' 'Uh, yeah' 'I know you are angry with me, but I wanted to explain myself. I know Ivan is upset, too.' 'Sofia' 'That's what I wanted to explain, that's what won't understood. I had a puppy called Sofia, that's why I can't call her that, not yet.' "

She dreamed with Monica. I received her text in the morning and that little intro. The dream continued. She couldn't get rid of Monica. She followed Catherine with her explanations. She wanted to be understood. The first thing I thought when I read the conversation was how it was unbelievable. "She would never call me by the feminine". 

Now, she wouldn't care being understood. She doesn't care about what we think of her. I imagined me opening a bridge and meeting her with a white flag. "Catherine dreamed about you tonight" 

"I don't give a fuck", her phantom mocked me. 

I woke up sick. I fell asleep sickening. I remember lying under the sheets and feeling the steely cold cutting my body. Like a sharp knife it penetrated the covers and sliced through my bones and muscles. I shrank my body into a little ball and hid static. Every little move was an opening and invitation to the cold. 

I was burning. My head was throbbing. I thought about Catherine's patient. Ivan. The young homosexual man who died because of a acute case of meningitis. 

Catherine never could give him closure. 

What if that happened to me? What if my infection was fatal, too? 

I fell asleep. I tossed and turned in a febrile haze. I half lived a semiconscious nightmare. The feeling of worry, of  an unfinished task. The burden of responsibility and the imminent threat of failure. All the classic symptoms of my sick nights. 

I woke up in the early morning and did some things. I went back to bed and tried to sleep again. I stayed in bed until the evening when Luis and my mother arrived from school. He was covering his head with the hat he bought in Disneyland. He wore a pair of blue skinny trousers. They cut his hair. I could see it in his face the feeling of wrongness. That uneasiness of looking different than how you'd like. I saw myself in him. More than ten years ago I was in his place. 

"If you don't want to cut it, don't cut it. Tell your principal how he's being sexist. He doesn't ask the girls to cut their hair, does he?" 

Nobody told me that when I was a kid. Nobody gave me that option. Of course I'd never take it anyway. "Sure, they might say that it's part of the dress code and if you want to have long hair you must wear the skirt, too." 

If somebody had gave me that option, would I had taken it? I don't think so. 

Why wouldn't I? 

If I were with a psychiatrist and gave that answer that would mean a little cross on their mental checklist. I should had these feelings for most of my life. If I didn't have them when I was a kid, when they did arose? If they came suddenly, what was their cause? 

It's not like that. I can see myself as 12 years old. Seeing that weird series in the Discovery kids. Was the one about a little angel? No, was it? That was a kid's soap opera. No. That was a mexican soap opera from the late 90's, the show I'm remembering was a South american series or soap opera. There was this boy whom I couldn't tell if he was a boy or a girl. He had long hair. I was amazed by it. Long hair to me was something feminine. He was wearing it. And instead of being mocked or harassed, it was nothing. 

The doubt, the ambiguity was something I felt intrigued by. Could I be like that? Could I let my hair grow and people wouldn't know what or who I am? 

I wanted long hair. I knew I had to cut it still in jr high. But My goal was High school when I could let it grow. I anticipated mockery and being misgendered. It never happened. And I got depressed.

Yeah, if they would had given me that option "leave you hair grow but wear the girl's uniform" I wouldn't had taken it. Because I wouldn't be seen as a girl. I would never be that kid. People would knew I was a boy, a boy in a girl's uniform. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-03
Words:   769
Minutes: 23

I'm still sick. I am tired and exhausted. 

"My first pay as a psychologist", somebody wrote. 

How the fuck do they do it? Where do they go? Whom they look for? 

Yesterday Elena sent me message in Facebook. "Hey, cutie boy, how are you?" 

It was awkward. Up from her text was her picture symbolizing the absence of a history. We had never talked before in there. She is the kind of people who uses compliments as openers. They lose their meaning. Saying everyone is beautiful is saying nobody is. I was just thinking about that in the morning. 

I haven't taken hormones and I've gone out. I've been seen as a woman. Catherine's therapist called me her beautiful girl. A homeless person approached us in the car and told us how we were really pretty. Do they tell everybody? Did we deserve it? Even if I'm not attractive or good looking, I should feel validated. It's as if I had put myself a really high bar to pass. Did I want me to fail? I have passed without hormones. Not everybody does it. Not everybody can. I wasn't harassed or mocked. I miraculously passed the impossible test and yet I saw it as not being enough. 

When she didn't answer back I thought about her latest post. Talking about a promotion, feeling blessed in her new job. The opportunities whatever... Would she offer me a position? Maybe she has to fill a vacancy, she knows I'm smart, she knows I'm capable. Why else would she come to me. 

And yet, I wasn't relieved or excited. I got scared. I thought about excuses. Reasons which I could give to free myself. I felt like I was drowning. When I took consciousness of my own thoughts and reactions I questioned them. 

What is it about a job that terrifies me? 

What is it that makes me unable to find one? To even look for one? 

She finally answered back and it wasn't about job. "Did I know about a movie that exemplified the theory of Bandura?" I was furious. She has a job and it's not able to do it. She looks for my help and will get paid for it. She doesn't even know about Bandura. "The vicarious learning?" I asked her. Bandura made numerous research with different approaches to Social Learning. "Learning by modelling" as if she knew what she was talking about. I gave her the answer she was looking for and ignored her thanks. 

Yesterday I gave Luis his presents. I waited for him to open them and record it. I hate the pictures my family take. They look so fake and artificial. The poses fabricated and maintained until the shot is taken. I stood with them and smiled. I was wearing pajamas and my hair was a mess. 

This first, my dad told him giving him my present. "No, no, that one first", I answered back. It was theirs. The gifts were in a bag and he knew what they were. He bought them with them. He chose them. He opened the clothes and the money. He took the drone out. It was now the time to open mine but my parent ignored it. Luis is in the mainframe excited and opening the boxes, trying to guess. My dad is too busy looking at the drone, talking with Miguel about the battery and the instructions. They didn't care. They ignored it. 

Did I think about telling him about me as a way to scream for his attention or was it then a way of getting back at him? 

Tomorrow I will have to leave the house. I will shower and get dressed and go to therapy. Last session I didn't talk about my mood being uplifted when the hobo saw me. I could mention the waitress referring me or the importance I place upon being noticed and seen. 

I could talk too about the realization of that high expectations I had even before starting. I looked at people's timelines and was surprised by how they looked. Before and after their transition. 

"They looked so... normal". 

Masculine men, bearded, some even handsome. People I would see in daily life and I would never imagine it. Sure, some were the typical profiles I imagined but those others? Most look extremely different from their first pictures after starting hormones and their last ones months or years after them. Like completely different persons. 

Almost nobody passed in those first months. 

And yet, I expected to. I wore the clothes and stepped outside and faced the world. 

I still do. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-04
Words:   757
Minutes: 24

"I will tell you three things, but only one of them will be true: I still think about you when I masturbate; I always remember you when I listen to this song called 'I hate you', I grabbed all of your gifts and pictures and mementos and threw them out" 

Yesterday I thought about telling everyone again. I was lying in bed, waiting to fall asleep while my mind was running wild planning different paths in which the future could unwind. I saw myself again, posting some sort of Facebook thing. Like those idiotic things people use to pass the time. Those kind of social games. "Like this, comment this and I'll do something". It would be a little different. I would not expect a lot of people to actually see it. 

"Send me a message and I'll answer back three statements. Only one of those is true. You can't make any question or intent to guess which one is real." 

Later I imagine posting "I'm trans" and other two non-sense things. Then I thought about my own family. Would I post them the same thing? What if Monica liked it? Of course she wouldn't... but what if? That's when I thought about her again. 

I actually mentioned her to Rene. 

I think about that day in November, outside the movies. What was her impression. I talked to him about seeing my own reflection in the mirror and then seeing me in the eyes of others. Just after that I mentioned her and my curiosity of that day. It was a little later that I remembered the actual question I suppress. 

"Did your boyfriend saw me?" 

Did he? Did he noticed us? Did he ask her something? Did she tell? What happened? 

If he did see me, was I recognizable? If he did recognize me, what was he reaction? I think about his reaction because I already know hers. I know the one of someone who supposedly loved me, it would be invaluable to meet the reaction of someone who despised me. 

I sent her a text message in her birthday, but that was before we talked again. What was it again the reason I opened up that bridge? I remember how I was the one who sent the white dove. But why? I remember, too, how we stopped and why. She sent me a text in my birthday months later. Almost one to next week. 

If I ask her, what would it mean? Would I lose this streak? This 96 days I have of writing daily, this 96 days of exploring my own self, loving Catherine, loving me. 

Four days till a hundred. And now the thought of asking her that day is firm and heavy. In the hundredth day I could open that bridge and ask her. "Did he see me that day we met outside the movies?" That's the only thing I am interested of knowing. 

That's not true. What I really want to know, what I really want to ask her is "Do you ever miss me?". 

What I want her to know is, "I hate you. I haven't forgiven you, and because I know you don't even care is why I don't know if I ever will." 

Why is it that I should forgive her of exactly? 

What is that terrible thing that she did to me? She forgot me? She left? She promised her love and couldn't give her friendship? She was Ivan's lover, she was Ivan's best friend. I am not him. I killed him. I am the one who might ask for her forgiving. 

No. No. 

She insulted me and told me she couldn't be my friend. She is not ready to see me, to treat with me. I understood. I gave her the option to leave. I was then that Monica who gave Ivan the permission to go to the park even though I wanted him to stay. 

I won't ask her. I won't talk to her. Not in these next four days, not soon. 

I thought about writing that I could tell my dad this hundredth day. Would I really? 

Now it just irritates me. Even pretending that I believe myself when I think of it makes me mad. 

Catherine will arrive monday. I could buy her a cake for when I meet her at the airport. Next wednesday we will meet with Paola. I might be actually able to tell her. Except Rene changed the date and time of our next meeting and I just remembered. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-05
Words:   768
Minutes: 23

I remember that time I made Luis feel like crap. The time I screamed at him and could see his face full of guilt and shame. 

Today I made him cry. He ran from the kitchen to his room and closed it behind him. He put the lock and held it while I tried to opened it. "I don't want you to enter" he said and I realized I was a monster. 

I stood there in the darkness, waiting. I don't know what exactly was I expecting, what was I waiting from him. I just stood there. 

All for just a couple pieces of fucking chicken. I laughed at him. I really laughed like I haven't in a while. Even Miguel followed my laugh. I wasn't mocking him, was I? I was... "I picked them and I won't even taste them" It was so tragic I had no choice but to laugh. 

Arguing, counting, setting aside the pieces and administering the rations. We were so pathetic. How wouldn't I laugh? 
I put all the chickens from the bag back in the plate. Why should we cook them separated? I could cook them all at once. We could separate it later. Since the beginning I knew that I wouldn't really eat all of them. Why did I say it anyway? Why do I mock him? Do I want him to hate me, to get away? 

I came back after I cooked everything. I stood in that same spot of the second floor. I didn't say anything but listened. He was still sobbing. His sobbing was full of pain and sorrow. It was the sound of loneliness. I caused it. 

"Won't you eat?" "Later, not now" "Everything's ready" "I'll go in a minute" "It'll get cold" "I'll go"

He hasn't come. I feared Miguel would eat the pieces. Would it be my fault? I made them for him. I told him they were ready. I did what I could. Why do I still feel like crap? 

I woke up in pain again. This time I didn't open the eyes until after noon. I thought it was early like the days before. I grabbed the phone and saw the time and notifications. My throat was soar and it hurt. I took my pills and drank water. I haven't done nothing since. 

"Ivan, have you eaten already?" His tone cheered as always. Like if nothing had happened. Do I resents him now? I remember how Monica used to tell me she hated when people acted like nothing had happened after a huge argument. I never understood her. What did she want exactly? 

When I was outside his room I thought about entering and hugging him. Telling him my secret. Would I use that information as a bargaining chip? "Don't be mad at me anymore and I'll tell you something delicate". Or would it be like the times I would cry in Tae Kwon Do when I wouldn't meet the Instructor's expectations, and then I'd blame it on the pain of my surgery. He would realize it later. He told me he wouldn't want me to cry ever again. I stopped going. 

It was hard, it was painful. I was accustomed to exceeding at everything I'd do. I never met with frustration. I succumbed at the first obstacle. 

Do I think about telling my dad? What is it that stops me? It's not his reaction, it's not his perception, what the fuck is it? 

"I like wearing woman's clothes" 

I said it to myself in the bathroom and it felt embarrassing. It's the truth. I'm wearing woman's underwear right now. I like woman's pants more than man's. I like when people see me as a woman. Why does it shame me to admit it to my family? 

Catherine asked me where could we go for her birthday next week. We talked about different restaurants. She'd invite everyone and just wait for the ones who'd show up. Miguel, Anahi, Yarely and her boyfriend, Chevica, Paolas, Vania and me. 

Everyone would know about me. Everyone but her friend. What could I wear? 

Should I hide? And that same thought came again. It all comes down to who knows. Whom am I hiding it from still? It'd be easier if all of them knew. Paola doesn't know still but I want to tell her. Will I? Will I really? 

If my parents knew I could talk about it with them. Do I want to talk with them about this? 

I need their support. Why is it so difficult to even fantasize about asking for their help? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-06
Words:   760
Minutes: 27

I lied on the bed shortly after writing yesterday's words. By 7 and a half I was already asleep. I remember dreaming but not what they were about. One of them was a nightmare. It came now. I was in my own bed with my arms over my stomach, hands crossed. I remember noticing myself, my own position, and thinking how it was a feminine one. One hand was grabbing the other just under my chest and the other way lower over my crotch. Yeah, there were two pair of hands and I realized the impossibility of being alone. I freaked out when the extra arms started grabbing and pulling me. 

It was midnight. 

Was it today? 

Now I just felt as if it were a long and distant memory from a past far away. Was it yesterday when I made Luis cry? Then I woke up in the midnight and went to the living room and watched tv. I came back and slept again. Was it really yesterday? At what time did I wake up today? 

My father went to buy breakfast. It was today. I had the idea of us going to the United States. We have to buy the stuff for my grandmother's kitchen. It's saturday and there might be things in the P.O. Box. So when I heard the sound of the door I thought my dad went just for coffee. He bought the usual and birria. Luis was upset again. My father had asked him if he wanted tacos and he said yes, but something about the place and how he liked the soup better. I don't know. 

I ate around 9 or 10. I tasted a couple of spoons of the glass of soup that was left. Now I ate a beef taco from yesterday and the partial hotdog that was forgotten in the fridge. 

I showered today and shaved. I shaved my legs and my face. I had nicks all over my shins, and was frustrated at the black dots in the chin. Whatever, two passes and a final one in the chin. Nobody will see me anyway. I did it for me. For the mirror. 

I knew I'd feel lonely this couple of days. It's like... it's like I am not conscious of it. I feel it, it surrounds me but I forget about it. I just don't want to do anything, don't know whom to talk, whom to reach. Anything is a burden and the energy is not worth it. 

Maybe it has to do with the guilt of yesterday. Luis' remark of "I don't want you to enter". He was sobbing and crying. Those were just a couple of pieces of chicken. I did fall on the ground laughing about his words. "I picked them and won't even taste it". 

This morning I was upset with him. Like if it were his fault. Like he betrayed me. Being closed was some kind of permission to hurt each other. 

"Thanks, Ivan" he said before going upstairs again. 

Today he reminded me while we all were in my parents bedroom talking about his lack of sentri. "Like yesterday, when I wouldn't had tasted the wings I picked" as if he were reminding me this hilarious joke we shared. 

That's the reason we didn't go and won't tomorrow either. Luis doesn't have a sentri anymore. After his birthday it expired. Mine it's the last one that expires, but my mother already has hers. 

A couple of days ago my father came from the united states and gave the plastic card to her. "It arrived in the mail". They have their date of the appointment the last of february. After then it's two weeks for the replacements to arrive. 

I don't have an appointment. Mine expires until 10 months ahead. Even then I have no way of proving my own economic sufficiency. Again, it all comes down to having a job. 

I have to find one, get one. I won't apply to the master until way after that. 

It doesn't matter. First it's the trip to Tecate and then the graduation and license. After that I will worry about a job. 

I've been worrying since last year. It's just that I don't do anything about it. I sent curriculums but they didn't call me back. I was proud of my own resume. I was foolish and naive. Of course they didn't like it. But what is it that they want? 

A woman? A man? 

What do they want and what can I offer them?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-07
Words:   756
Minutes: 21

I finished Interstellar. I started where I left that other day, like 20 minutes from the beginning. 

That's everything about today. All of the interesting things that happen, just a movie. 

Why did I look for her again? Was it something in me that made me click her name in the stupid side bar I don't even usually use in Facebook? I saw her name and that green bright spot. I was talking with Catherine. "I feel lonely, too", was the last message I sent her yesterday before she fell asleep. Tomorrow she will come back. I'll pick her up from the airport. I'll get up early and go pick a cake. She sent me the address of the bakery. It's downtown. I could go there early and then just drive to the airport. I have to buy gas, too. 

I open the conversation of Monica. 98 days. But that conversation it's not the last. It's from the second to last day we saw each other. It's from that day back in august I saw her after months. I remember that day now and I actually feel sorry for myself. It hurts me. It's this faint burn that I never really noticed. Was I going to park in the sanborn's or inside the plaza? She would meet with her friend -her now best friend- minutes after she'd see me. That's the day she set for meeting with me after months. More than 6 months. We haven't talked in person since then. I got my book back and gave her hers. I saw her face, I met the Monica I wasn't in love with. 

I could had just left it there. Remember that day and went on with my day. Think about tomorrow, this week. Anything. 

No, I clicked her name and let the browser drift to her profile page. It's a shortcut. I can avoid looking for her in the search box, as if I were an addict being monitored. As if my laptop had this little alarms that would go off in somebody's basement the moment I type her name. Nobody cares. Nobody is looking or monitoring. It isn't something forbidden. I can think of her, remember her, feel whatever I feel. I am allow to miss her. 

Her last post was a meme, a reaction when' post with the face of the little mermaid. "When I want to buy converse and my mum tells me I should get some for work instead". I can't remember the number, she hadn't got to the hundred likes yet. Her boyfriend sure commented something. Would she ever see my posts this way? With Catherine's like and corny comment? 

It wasn't the post, nor the likes nor the comments.  It wasn't the pictures of her with her friends in Magic Mountain. It wasn't the cheesy long post of her friendships or the dedicated picture to her best friend. 

Well, it was a little the picture of her friends. The fun that irradiates from their faces. 

She has a job and she has friends. She went on a trip. I am in room, lonely as fuck without a job. I haven't sent the resume. I haven't waited for phone calls. 

I'm just waiting. Waiting this week. Waiting to do the paperwork for the license, waiting to go to Tecate. Will I post a picture from there, smiling with whatever they give me to post it on Facebook and a stupid and cheesy "thank you" letter to all my friends and family? 

Would she like it? I wouldn't get a hundred likes, but they would be several. And yet, so what? I may have three hundred friends on facebook. I may know people in more countries than the numbers on my fingers. And yet, so what? How many of those hundreds or those around the world really know me? 

The closest ones, the ones who share a house with me don't know my name. That name. My name is the one they know. They do know my name. They don't know me. 

Catherine knows me. René knows me. Lili has heard about me as Carlos has, too. Miguel, as well. Anahi knows me. And the list ends. 

Chevo, Jessica and Paola know about me. They don't know the name. I haven't told it to them. Has Paola seen it? Does it matter? 

There still is a mismatch between my self and my reflection. My mental image and the one I see. 

Which am I? Which is real and to be known? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-08
Words:   758
Minutes: 17

One hundred. 

Today I reach 100. 

I remember feeling like a failure when I forgot to write that day 101 days ago. No. It was more. It was the first time that I forgot. I had like 62 days writing continuously and then it ended. I never would have imagined I would reach this. That day I just thought about the streak. The days it counted. I had lost. And so I burn the silence. I reached for Monica. Two weeks later, in Halloween, the count reached 0 again. 100 days from now. 

Today I'll pick Catherine from the airport. She will be arriving alone and I'll be there to welcome her. 

"You know, just not Ivan in the house" her mother told her before parting. "People will talk". If that worries her, I don't know what she will think or feel whenever she realizes people have lots of other reasons to talk about us. 

Ivan won't be at her house. I am not Ivan. I will pick Catherine up, not him. I am sitting now, typing this words in the computer. Reaching 100. I took a shower and did my hair and got ready. I sent her a picture of my face and a video of my smile. She'll arrive in two hours and a half. Miguel might arrive in two hours. Will he see me? Am I afraid? 

If everyone knew about me I wouldn't have to be nervous. I wouldn't be hiding because I wouldn't be scared. There would be no reason to be afraid. I fear their reaction. I fear not knowing what will happen. Whenever they know, whatever will happened have had happened already. 

When I think like that, it's so obvious. Why don't I tell it already? Why do I have to keep waiting and suffering? 

It would be easier telling and not showing. Letting them know by my words and not my image. Let them imagine me how would I look and then showing them how I do. 

I lost Monica after a trip. Is that why I am a little nervous of Catherine's arrival? Monica wouldn't let me pick her up. Monica wouldn't let me do a lot of things. No, did she ever forbid me something? 

I don't want to think about Monica. I don't want to remember her. 

The last idea I had of telling my father consisted in writing it and showing it. 

"I have to tell you something but I can't find in my neither the words nor the courage to say it aloud." 

I thought about that message that is still written inside my telephone. The one which starts "I want to tell you something, not because I have to, but because I want". I wrote it to 'everyone'. I wrote it as a manifesto, a shout to the world. It was really the message that I can't tell my dad. 

And then I continued to elaborate the thought. What else could I write? I wouldn't want to do it with a long letter. I wouldn't be able to contain myself in my own skin while he reads the words from whichever screen I use. It has to be short. A paragraph, a couple of sentences. 

He knows about people like me. It's a theme of current conversations in today's situation. There are jokes in Saturday Night Live, there are characters in tv shows, celebrities in reality tv families, new politics about our bathrooms and healthcare. 

I don't think I have to explain what the word means. I will, though, have to explain how it applies to me. It won't be what trans is, it will be why am I one. 

What if he doesn't believe me? What if he doesn't support it? It's not a decision. I don't need his money or his favors. No. I do need his money, but more than that, I need his care, his love. 

"I want to tell you something but I can't find the words or the courage to say it aloud. I'm sorry for not saying it before, Dad. I am depressed. I am depressed because I don't like my body. Because I am not a man even though I look like one. I am transgender." 


Would he be surprised? Would he hug me? Would he cry or be angry? He will go to Tecate to see my award. Should I do it before or after? 

Should I use my phone or my computer? 

Should I think in other way or should I just do it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-09
Words:   842
Minutes: 20

"Have you chosen your suit already?" "Or a dress?" "Do you know how will you do your hair?" "Will you just tie it up? - Leave him, alone". 

It's weird seeing red all of a sudden. The color of this word. Did I just change it yesterday? The 101st day will be in a new color. 

Yesterday I went to pick Catherine up. "Oh, you already wrote your words? But I wanted to be on them!". She arrived late. I stepped out of the house a couple of minutes shy of three. I was wearing make up. I had the blue t-shirt over the jeggings. My lips were red and my eyes colored. I sent her a picture and then a video. I saw the video later. I replayed it at night. It's a three second clip of my looking at the camera and then smiling. The smile fades and I lift one brow after my eyes return to their normal size. Those contractions around the eyes everyone learns about trying to find the secret body language of happiness. "The true signal of a real smile". 

I am happy. I am pretty. I am a girl. At least I look happy, at least I look like a girl. 

Dressed and looking like that I went to buy gas. "Welcome" the clerk said. I saw in the other pump a familiar face, the one from last time. They meet maybe a hundred people every day. Why would they remember me? I avoided him anyway. Was his welcome masculine or feminine? Did I notice? I think I heard him say she. Maybe. 

I spoke with a high tone but a low volume. Maybe he didn't hear me and deduce the amount from the bill I gave him. He grabbed a piece of cloth and dusted my car. Nobody had ever done that before. 

From there I drove to the cake. Would I buy the one with different flavors or the coffee one? A senior lady with her, I assume, grand kid were picking a cake. They were looking at the big version of the one I had picked. The lady couldn't read the little letters so she asked the boy. A helper approached them and offered help. She ended up picking a different cake and the small one I was waiting them for. I picked the coffee one. I asked the lady for help and she picked it. Did any of them look at me funny? The kid kept turning towards me. Did he notice something? 

I waited for Catherine in the airport. I was early. 10 minutes before the ETA. I knew her plane would be late. She arrived at 4:15. I took her home. After we went for food. Teriyaki and Yakimeshi. Her uncle would open us. He would see me. Didn't I care? I had forgotten. I thought she was kidding. I cleaned my lips. He called me boy, several times. I might have not noticed. 

We had sex in her room. I finished twice. 

Today she was going to see the doctor. She ended up deciding to go later than she was planning. I still woke up even after she finish her consult. She would be coming here. I had to shower. I did. She came a little after I had did my hair. I didn't wore a bra today. I wore just a t-shirt. Not even a shirt. I felt naked most of the day. Jhonny and Diana told me I look skinnier. Jhonny did. I said thanks. I might be in love. Or lack of sex. 

The first thing we did in Uabc was meeting with Claudia. I had taken the dollars and putted them in Catherine's wallet. It ended in my purse by accident. Bag. My bag. It's not a purse. 

I didn't realize they were two bills of 20. Or maybe I did, and foolishly thought that were enough. After there, we went to the main office. I did line for the certificate and then we paid the credential of students. 

We bought, Catherine paid, for a wrap and fries. We shared it. We ate in the faculty, like old times. I proposed going drinking a clamato with a beer. We could go to a place, or the pub, I knew they sell it sometimes. And so we did. We could wait for jhonny there. And so we did. 

Diana and jhonny won't be graduating until this semester. Do I envy them? Would I prefer still being in school or is it the idea of having more time? 

I accompanied Catherine buying her groceries. It was nice, walking through picking food. Thinking what we could eat or prepare. As if we lived together. As if we could. 

We can. Why couldn't why? Why did I like the idea of trip to Vegas then? It was in March. It would be even after graduation, another delay to finding a job. More time. 

Tomorrow we will see Paola. 

Yesterday I told Paola. Did I write about that, too? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-10
Words:   893
Minutes: 19

"She is Sofia"

I told Paola. 

"Don't rehearse it." "You don't say it like that!" 

I wore Catherine's jeans and the blue t-shirt. I was supposed to wake up early. Maybe I could go with Catherine to the university. I could accompany her. Then we could go to therapy, from there do something before picking up Anahi and then, finally, meeting with Paola.

I was in bed when Catherine sent me the text message that she almost was at the school. Maybe she could come home. We could do something here and going to my therapy. I'd wake up just to open her the door. I postponed the alarm and went back to sleep. I know I dreamed something with a costume. It was something black and red. It was a woman's costume. I remember comparing it mentally with the Harry Potter one. The Hermione one. 

I could had mentioned that costume to Paola when we were talking about her son and the letter she would give him when he turns 11. "Did you know? We dressed as Harry and Hermione in Halloween." 

Other opportunity was when she told us "I saw the Danish Girl" "Did you like it?" 
But no. At some point I actually thought I would not say it today. The day would end and I would not say it. I would feel like with the contact lenses. A useless piece of no-person. If I could not her, how the hell would I tell my dad? 

I dressed and put make up on. Catherine sent me another message saying she would not come. It made no sense. By the time she got here, I would already had to go to my therapy. 

So I got ready and left. I looked just like monday. I was fine. I checked countless times in the reflections. People saw me. Kids, their parents. Passers-by would turn sometimes. I felt noticed, looked. I felt nervous and exposed. 

When I got there, I sat and waited. I was Rene's only patient. "I wonder why nobody came." He let out non-chalantly. I am almost sure I misheard him. 

We talked about Catherine's thing with Vania. How she doesn't know yet. The conversation with Jhonny and Diana. 

"And you have what you'll wear?" She didn't know yet. I hadn't let out a word yet. 

I don't worry about a job or an interview. I worry about being interviewed for the visa, I worry about what my family will talk about. What will they say about me? 

Will there be a way to change my school papers? 

From there I walked towards my car. I always avoid the reflection before entering the building. Today I used it to feel better about myself. That reflection was better than the mental image I had about me. 

I drove myself to Catherine's home. She was waiting in the terrace. She waved me back when I saluted her. She made spaghetti and chicken. Her dog welcomed me. She doesn't bark at me anymore. I actually care for that dog. I worry now about her old age. What will happen when she passes away? 

Today I masturbated in the shower. I pulled my own dick like I used to do it when I was a teenage boy experimenting with his junk. When I actually was scared of ejaculating. I remember thinking I had discovered my own cure to erectile dysfunction. I turned myself a little cleaning myself. I can't remember the last time I actually finished in the shower. I could not moan and scream. If I hear the next door lady and her kids talk, they sure did hear me pleasuring myself. 

I can't picture that woman's face? Could she picture mine? Does she know who I am? Has she seen me? Or the other me? 

After eating we went upstairs to watch an episode of Jessica Jones. We ended having sex instead. 

I drove to pick Anahi up. We would meet with her outside her therapy. She looked pretty. She had a red lipstick, darker than the pencil I used today. I cleaned, no, Catherine's kisses did it. I just didn't reapply it. 

After walking, and crying and walking again and sweating in the car I could see shadow in my face with Catherine. I asked her and she told me the truth. "Yes, not much, but it can be seen a little". I was disgusted. When I shaved today I accidentally dropped the razor and I guess the razor blade moved and it cut me. 

I couldn't shave as close as other times. And yet it was noticeable. I would look like a man. 

When I went to her bathroom to reapply make up I saw my face and liked what I saw. I looked fine. Why do I keep thinking I don't? 

Even when she asked the question I was waiting for: "How do I call you?" 

I gave the same moronic speech of why I am not comfortable. Why couldn't I just say it? "Yes, thank you, call me Sofia."

At least I did say the name. I said, though what I told Rene. "Call me how I look." That way, when they call me by the feminine form I'll know I look like a woman. 

Although, with that phrase, when they don't, it will hurt me even more. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-11
Words:   804
Minutes: 18

Tomorrow I'll go to Tecate. It's the last city which we haven't gone together. I've already visited in, what was it, new year's? It was when my uncle asked us to pick a couple of bottles of wine for him from a friend of his. Tomorrow Catherine will pick me up from home and will drive us to school. There will be a bus waiting for us. We will see Hilda, too. Miguel, also. They will give us an award for our results in the test. My father will go, too. He will be looking for me. He'll be there and see how they recognize me. They say out loud the name my parents put on me and I'll stand and walk and shake some hands and receive something. Paolas know about me but my parents don't. They know how I feel and how I'm called. Chevo and Jessica have seen me in make up and dressed. My parents don't. 

Luis might intuit something. He touched my back and open my drawer. He might have seen my bras or my mascara. 

How easy is for me now compared to a year ago to write those words. I remember cringing and actually hurting thinking and typing those words. Cross-dresser, transgender, girl, woman, bra, dresses. Make up. Faggot, tranny. Even those which I still hate I can type them and say them out-loud. They've lost their power over me. I'm not scared of them anymore. 

I'm still terrified of saying them about me, though. I hesitated and tumbled  after I said the nuclear sentence. "I am trans." After that I was lost. How could I explain it? With which words could I illustrate the way I feel? I don't "feel" like a woman. It's not a delusion. It's not that I really think "god made mistake". I'm not anyone trapped inside any body.  This is my body, I am who I am. 

I want to be me. I want to look like I want, and dress how I want. I don't want to disguise or impersonate as anybody. 

But I want to be seen and recognized. And at the same time I want to distance myself from the person people have seen me as this many years. I don't want to be the person they expected me to become. 

"How do I call you? ... I thought something like 'Ivana'". I was repulsed without even noticing. I made a face and waved my head. "No, ok". She was trying to understand. She was the first one to ask me. To ask me just as I told them. Anahi was the first one to ask me after I thanked her for calling me, treating me as a woman. Paola did it too when I mentioned the name. This Paola was the first thing she said, she asked or wondered. She didn't thank me, nor say she would support me, nor tell me she'd be by my side no matter what. She just wondered how she'd call me. How do I want to be called. She tried to understand. 

After saying it, I realized I'm not even close to being ready to tell my dad. I might be able to tell Luis. He opened up to me again. "I don't feel like I feel in my classroom". It was uncalled for. I didn't ask him anything. From nothing the comment was born. He just wanted to share how he felt. With me. He said it and I asked why. He's the most serious kid in his class. 

I was the most serious kid in mine. Everyone would always describe me with that adjective. Whether or not people already saw me as an intelligent kid, I was a serious one first. I would not play loudly nor be aggressive. I would not make jokes, I would be calm and still, quiet. I would be like the poster child of the expression "children are meant to be seen not heard". Even in Spain, Consuela would be exasperated by my not talking. "You never say anything, tio". 

Now I can't talk even though I want to. 

In the way to Catherine's home I opened up about the introyected belief of never accepting what people offer to us. My grandma taught my mom to don't accept anything. If she wanted water or anything she could get it home. 

When Paola offered us drinks, I hesitated. Just like when Monica's mom would offer me anything years ago. 

Like that, I realized the theme of the insight. "That's why it's hard for me to ask for anything." 

Like for instance, take anybody's initiative to ask me how I want to be called. In my mind it's still impossible to ask to be called Sofia because to me it's impossible to be seen like her. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-12
Words:   890
Minutes: 20

"Did you see the whole conversation?... 'Sophie: baby steps'. "

I could wake up fine. I think not even the first alarm blared. I opened my eyes minutes before 6 and awaited until time came. Someone was in the shower before the second alarm just approaching the first quarter of the hour. Was Catherine or I the one who started the conversation? I got up and went to see. Miguel was buttoning on his shirt. My father was the one taking a shower. I thought he was the one who always got ready first before waking up Miguel. It was better this way. Now I'd be sure he'd finish any moment. I left the clothes and the towel in the white handle of the stairs. When he exited the room he was actually looking for me as I met him there. I had time for everything. I could sat in the toilet, shower, brush my teeth, even shave normally. It wasn't rushed nor half-done. Three passes calmly. Not as close as other times, but just enough. No, almost enough. I had black spots screaming all day. 

"Congratulations, young man". Even wearing a tie and formal attire, even though all those pictures, it was a nice day. 

"Are you nervous?" "Not nervous, uncomfortable" She understood. Of course she did. 

She picked me up after Luis and my mom had left. I was playing the city simulation app in my phone so I missed her last two messages. She called me and I went out. There were no q-tips. We weren't late but we didn't have time to waste. 

We got there just fine. We parked where they told us we could. They gave us "a little lunch". A brown paper bag with a bag of chips, a granola and a juice box. The trip was a little less than an hour. When we got there. I registered and waited with Catherine. There were beverages and tapas. I was anxious and uneasy inside the theater. I was surrounded by my classmates from both generations. Hilda, Ramon, Ana Karen, Patricia, Andrea. We were the awarded ones. They were talking and chatting. I felt as if my ears where underwater. At first I conversed with Andrea but her voice was empty, baffled, muted. I nodded and smiled but my leg was restless. When we got separated by their attempt of organization I felt a pulse of relief followed by a fog of sadness and loneliness. 

"Will they give us a trip?" Hilda would ask me after meeting a minutes before entering. Samantha told me she was the only one who got three overachieving from her generation. From ours it was only you, me and Anna. Will they? It could be an opportunity to another trip with Catherine. It would mean so much to me. Being prized a trip to the capital, to my city of destiny. By my merits they would actually take me to where I want to go. To where I can be me and find my future. 

Even if they don't, I will go there. 

I was in the theater without a phone. It was inside Catherine's purse. Catherine was texting with my dad. He was already there. Both of them would be some of the last people to enter. When they enter we wouldn't even be already seated. I found them before they saw me. 

They took pictures. They saw me, they might had clapped. They saw me walking and thanking and hand-shaking and smiling double up there in those big screens. All of it is recorded in Catherine's iPhone. One of the list times they will call this name. 

Was it my imagination when the master of ceremony was naming us and checked twice at me when he saw my name in the list and me standing in front of the line. It must have been. 

It would not be impossible to them to reaffirm because of the doubt. "Gentleman, sir, young man": "Look, I know what you are. I got you. You don't deceive me". 

Catherine picked her parents from her airport. From there we went to the movies. There was a young kid with his mom behind us in line. The theaters were almost full. We bought or seats and went to eat. A hot dog and chicken taquitoes. A big thai tea with milk and a bottle of beer. 

We saw the movie and she brought me home. 

It was in the parking lot. I saw her phone and her conversations. The last one from Paola caught my attention. "It was even nice to see him!". 

Was it me she was talking about? I opened and was even more surprised by the message. She met Garab near her therapist. Just as we were talking about him. "Did you see the whole conversation?" Why was she upset? I showed it to her. It wasn't my intention. I wasn't snooping. Of course I saw nothing. 

She covered her phone and looked at something. And then she saw me the picture from the conversation. A screencap of a list of contacts. My picture and a nickname. 

Why would you send her the picture of her contacts? Yeah, you have me as... No, you have me as Sofia. That means... oh... 
"Now I officially have you in my contact list." 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-13
Words:   762
Minutes: 17

I was in bed when the idea struck me. There will be a congress in Sinaloa, Mazatlan. A "national" congress of psychology. I saw the names of the conferences and they were simple stuff. Nothing new. Again, the same about autism and children. The role of schools and teacher. There was one that caught my attention, maybe the only one I would actually be tempted to attend. "I accept myself, others accept me - sexual diversity" It's almost sure that it would be presented by someone who barely knows what they're talking about. A so called "expert" like my teacher of Sexuality in college. 

"There are no experts here... You could be the first." 

If I'd know more than that person, why couldn't I just do the conference myself? What impedes me from making it, take together all the papers I've gathered and do a half-hour conference of what is and isn't gender dysphoria. The changes that came with the release of the ignored DSM 5. Is it or not a mental disorder? How can it be treated? What should the health practitioners do when they meet with patients or clients like them... like me. 

One thing led to another. The couple of students when to some country in south america to a congress of social psychology. They did a reasearch. I still have the plan of mine. I could do a form in internet and share the link. A survey of the attitudes towards transgender people. What do health students feel about transgender clients? Would doctors see them as mentally ill? Would they deny them treatment? Would they refer them to a psychiatrist with the intention of transition or to take the delusion away? 

Would psych students see them as mentally ill? Would they treat the dysphoria even though it weren't the cause of consult? Would they propose, support or try to dissuade transition? 

What would school teachers do when a student comes to them with these issues? Would they punish a boy for wanting to wear the girls' uniform? Would they make him cut his hair? 

Would all of them let them use the bathroom they prefer? Would they deny their identity? Respect their names? 

I thought about all those things. What instruments could I do? Could I make just one for everyone? Maybe I could draft different versions depending of the sample on which they'd be applied. One to medical professionals, one to psychotherapist professionals. These would have questions of experience and attitudes, personal and professional. I thought about other one to both students of medicine and psychology. And there could be a third version towards teachers or administrative staff on primary schools. 

In bed I thought about the samples. Could I apply them in elementary schools? Making appointments with the principals and talking about the proposal of the study. I could make a list of all the schools in the different zones of the city and make a random sample with them. I could take the list of professors from the university and use that to do the sampling. I could go to the biggest universities or just the faculties of medicine of the UABC in the whole state. 

Will I make them in paper and pencil? I could make an online survey and send it towards the professionals by email. 

Gathering the results, the analysis would be the easiest part. Comply the data base and just analyze it. See what results from there. 

And just then I could think of myself. Why would I want to do that? Yeah, I could ask for help and write a paper. Publish it somewhere and it would help me for my career. But is that the reason? Do I want to do a conference with the results? Do I really want to be an "expert in gender issues"? 

Or do I just want to know what will the professors or doctors think about me? What will society say about me? What will my colleagues think and feel? 

I would not dare give the survey to Rene. "Have to treat a patient like this?" "Would you refer them or treat them yourself?" "Would you support transition?" "Would you try to dissuade them?"

Am I scared of the results? Why don't I want to know? 

Why isn't the sample of the study society itself or parents and family? Why don't I apply the focus of the study to the transgender population instead? 

I don't care about knowing about me. I want to know what will everybody else think and feel about me. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-14
Words:   810
Minutes: 19

"Shy the girl... oh yeah, she didn't want to see the dad, but the daughter?" 

I heard the sound of the door opening and closing. Both when my dad left and returned. I was awake when I heard the sound of the bags. My mother came down and the voice of Luis entered my room. Why didn't I step out? I wasn't hungry. I waited. "Nobody is up yet?" My father had bought birria. 

Anahi asked me if I'd see Catherine today. Just now, writing these words, the thought of Monica popped up. Her ghost standing behind me and picking my shoulder, just as she hated to be done unto her. Laughing, teasing. I remembered how years before... No, we didn't send messages or gifts. Did we celebrate this day? Last year she was in France. Last year I fucked with Catherine in a cheap motel downtown. The year before that I was in Spain. What did I do? 

Valentine's day. Anahi sent me something and congratulate me. That was when she asked me if I'd see Catherine. She didn't want to do anything today because all of her friends were in a relationship. She demanded we went out. 

Yesterday I asked Catherine that we wouldn't. I felt ill. I felt sad. 

My mother published several pictures and posts about my award. Pictures of me with my dad, even with Catherine. Countless likes and comments congratulating me. Both me and my parents. That made Catherine feel something. She didn't like that. "The shared effort". Congratulating her son. Both mother and son. A shirt and tie. They called my name and I was handed the diploma. They shook my hand and congratulated me as Ivan, just as Rene said they would. Whenever he would warn me, I'd hear him as if it were something stupid. Of course. Of course they would say that name. I would never ask them to call me differently. But then, me, there, starting to walk when they say that. Knowing I'm seen as I've always been seen before. 

I don't follow Monica anymore. None of her posts nor pictures appear on my screen. I have to actively and purposely look for them. I don't know what she did today. I don't if or where she went. I should not care. Until now I had not given a single thought to it. Now I imagine her and her boyfriend sitting in the movies like that day in November. 

I was irritated even by the picture of Eusebio and Jessica. What was it with them that upsets me? Do I resent Jessica for her comment the last time we saw each other? "I don't know what is it, but I don't seem to flow with you". I felt, betrayed? No. I felt pressure. I had to entertain her? 

Was I angry? Was I disappointed? Was I feeling guilt? 

 Why do I feel tempted to look for her now? So what... she went out to see Deadpool with him, how will I feel? She went nowhere, does it make a difference? 

I know now for sure that there will be a trip to receive another award. The real one now. Given to the people who get the greatest score on all the areas. Hilda will go, too. I started typing a message telling her but I deleted it. It's late. That's not what I want to tell her. That's not really what I want her to know. She's not even my friend. 

Now I'm thinking of Melissa. Is she working with Ahmed? Does she have a job, too, like everybody else? Do I want to know? Do I want to talk with her and ask her? Why would I want any of them to know? What difference would it make? I would gain not a single advantage from their knowing. Not like with my dad or brothers. 

The date of the award and potential trip is near May and June. A month after April. I have to dismiss that reason for keep avoiding looking for a job. Why does the idea scare me? 

Catherine sent me a message. It was true when I told her I felt like crying. 

I love you, I adore you, I want you, Sofia. You are my friend, my girlfriend, my pretty girl. I like every part of our story, the sad, confusing, stressful ones, because they make me enjoy even more the funny, caring, cute and calm ones. I love you for who you are. I don't care if there are days that you dress like a boy and others like a girl. I like you, Sofia. You know that it doesn't have to be Valentine's for me to tell you these things. But I can use it as an excuse to say it again. I love you, I adore you, my girl.



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-15
Words:   842
Minutes: 17

Now I do think about it. It's like this silly fantasize which I am embarrassed to admit. I'm there with you, and we're both standing in front of each other. We both look beautiful in our dresses and we're both smiling and happy, around us are the people close to us, the ones who always knew since the beginning and those who went learning it as time went by. People who accept us and love us. People who've seen our growing. 

We kissed as equals, as brides, as lovers. We're united and we're going to share a life, a future. I am no longer afraid because I'll have you  by my side. I am no longer scared because I will never be alone. With you I can conquer my future. Together, the world is ours. 

I do. Of course, Catherine, I do. 


We talked about this. It swapped between us. I was sure to tell everyone that I would not marry. Why should I? Why would I? No. Marriage is not for me. I don't want a wife. I will never want to be anyone's husband. Denying it was giving power to myself, to my decision. 

Now, I don't see that way. I love the idea of it being a secret. Not because I don't want anyone to know, but because I don't need to. It's our thing, it's our intimacy. 

I will do it, I want it. I want its benefits. Legal and social ones. I want to be able to receive a job proposal and take her with me. I want to be able to accompany her wherever she goes. I want to live in the United States with her. 

I woke up early. I was going to wear a t-shirt and a hoodie. I changed my mind and put a whole different outfit. The first androgynous shirt I bought. The red long shirt, thin with squares. I paired it with the skinny jeans and gray sneakers. I put make up and saw myself in the mirror. I took a picture of my new shaded glasses and sent it to Anahi. 

"I have now a pair of sunglasses!". She would answer me back later. 

The moment I woke up, I felt like I always do. I felt this disassociation. I expected to be surprised by the difference between my own self-image and the reflection that would meet me in the mirror. One a girl and one a boy. Different. Mutant, changed. Abnormal. 

I met the reflection and was, in fact, surprised. My hair was tied and my skin pale. My eyes seemed wide and open. I looked feminine. If a couple of months ago I'd see that reflection as a picture of my picture self. I would believe I had started hormones. I see my own face changed. I hadn't shaved nor combed my hair. I was just out of bed. 

There are not just those two things anymore. The distance doesn't lie anymore between how I feel and how I look. There are three different faces. How I feel, how I look and how I expect to be seen. 

Does it surprises me when we're welcomed in the feminine way? 

Catherine offered to pick me up at the last minute. She arrived and I met her in the car. We got just in time. She borrowed my tweezers and cleaned her brows. The guardian of the gate stopped us just before entering. I lend her my own id to enter. They almost never ask for it anyway. Now he wanted to see both of ours. He chatted with her while I looked for Catherine's in her purse. 

The first conference was about bioethics and the procedure of getting approval by the committee. The next one, was a study of the self-efficiency of teenager's parents about their ability to talk with them about sexuality. We left to eat. She drove me to the wings restaurant. The hostess received us one way, but their catchphrase of welcome at the table turned to the masculine form. 

I doubted about what I heard. I didn't ask until later in the day.

Back at school we attended Yadira's conference. She mentioned us. Looked at us and called our names when introducing the collaborators. Ivan. Ivan was the name she said. Of course it was. 

I went to Colef wearing a bra and long shirts. I didn't care. It was like a job. Would I do that at my own job? 

The last conference was by one of the psychologists that were in the panel in Ensenada. The one who went to Vienna and Bulgaria. He's doing his post-doctoral work in a university in Paris. 

I was excited, motivated. I want my future to be like that. I want my life to be like theirs. 

"If you want to dedicate to research, you will have to be accustomed to dealing with rejection... You'll get tons and tons of it. The good thing is that later you won't even feel it". 

Am I capable of it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-16
Words:   816
Minutes: 15

I was just thinking about starting to send the curriculum. Initiating the search and lookout. Sending myself out there. Stop waiting for when the dr finally gives us our results. I don't know when will that be. Maybe it would be even after my own graduation. Maybe I would keep waiting and time would catch up and... 
the message of Catherine brought me out of that thought. "The Dr has our results we can pick them up Wednesdays from 12 through 2." 

My therapy is at 1, but I can pick them up at noon and going to my session from there. Anahi told me she would call me around that time too to confirm where we could meet. She kind of remembers where Rene consults. 

It's mid-February already. Half a month and we get to March. Less than two weeks and I have the act and the party. I have two weeks to tell my parents for them to know at my grad. So I could really get over that, close that stage and phase. To start a new. After telling my family, anyone else knowing doesn't matter. 

My father is the most difficult person to tell. It's whose reaction I fear the most. Whose face I can't even imagine finding me dressed in an outfit like that. 

Once I dreamed going to a party in a dress and flats with a rose on their front edges. I had a phone and wondered where to put it. I was wearing a purse and it was normal. Except it wasn't. Was I thinking of my own father's reaction? 

"But why are they flower patterned?" 

Because I like them. Because I ordered them like this. Because I asked for women's. 

Will I tell Luis now that I told Paola? It was a rehearse. It was a mock up, a trial. I failed. I realized how unprepared I am. How I can't explain it. I had to use the movie as a backstory, an example. What could I tell my own dad? 

"Do you know gay people?" "Do you know any transgender person?" 

Yes, no... "Why?" 

Just because... 

I feel like a coward and at the same time I'm angry at myself for yesterday's thoughts. I didn't deny my emotions. I took responsibility for them and acknowledge them with Catherine. I am scared of her leaving. I am scared people in the know will abandon me. A part of me still thinks that they're entitled to. They should. I was upset my Paola's reaction. Why would she ask how to call me? Why would she care for my own comfortableness? 

I don't deserve their caring. They should not care. Their caring makes me feel spoiled.  I should suffer. I should be antagonized and discriminated. Is that really what I want? Or is what I expect? 

I'm not ready for my parents to ask me those questions. "How do we call you?" 

"I'm not one of your 4 men" I wanted to tell her. Mention her in passing. Just saying. I am not. Stop. 

What do I want her to say instead? My men and something else? My 3 men and a half? My men and girl? 

That would be even worse. 

That's the thing. Their caring and acceptance feels worse to me. I don't want to be rejected, but being accepted feels false. "How can I ask them to call me Sofia if that's not my name? My parents didn't name me that way, that name didn't accompany in my childhood. I didn't grow up with it" "How could I ask them to call me by the feminine way if I don't look the part? How can I be a she if I look and dress and sound as a he?" 

Now it hurts. I don't want to be seen as Ivan. I don't want to be called that. I don't want to be seen as a man, as me, as him. 

I want to wear whatever I want. I don't care about the strangers' opinion but I do care about my father's. I do care about the people who do know me. The people who still see me as Ivan no matter how close I shave or how I dress. 

And like that I am stuck. I introduce myself as Ivan because I can't adopt the other name. I keep wearing those clothes because I don't care to be seen any other way. I still use this voice because of the fear of being clocked faking. 

It's a commodity this limbo. It looks as if it were an accident. "Oh, my mistake, I thought you were a woman, I am sorry", instead of "You almost fooled me. I could see you for who you really are. Shame on you for hiding yourself". 

I want to stop hiding anymore. 

But... but, I am still scared of being seen. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-17
Words:   773
Minutes: 18

"you mentioned something just now, that: "ambiguity'"

Paolas know about me. Anahi knows. Catherine has known since the very beginning. Chevo and Jessica were the first I told and yet now they are the ones who know less. 

"He has friends" "And what am I, jackass?" "My friend (feminine)". I have no male friends. 

"You were going to be my best friend. I've never had one. Catherine has Miguel and you were my candidate". 

Have I ever had one? Medrano could count maybe, in jr high. He thought I was crazy. I made him believe that. I remember one night when he confessed to me about stealing a pair of panties from his neighbor. I couldn't help to imagine myself in his place, empathize with him. But it wasn't the same. He stole them to masturbate, to think of her. Other time we were debating. Why would homosexual parents not have the right to adopt a kid? He told me he accepted them, but it wasn't about them. Society wasn't ready. Other kids would bully the child. It was for their best. 

I disagreed. Why would they suffer from the sins of the rest? It's not their responsibility. Society is wrong, so change society. 

"I defended you, Andres, I never cared that you were a faggot" 

To him, he did good. His intentions were good. Would he understand me? Would he imagine it? 

Alan maybe would be my best friend in the first semesters of high school. I was excited when I learned he would be in my classroom. 
Would he understand? Would he care? 

"If you were gay I would tolerate you, I would accept it and let you live your life. I just would stop talking to you and end the relationship". Those were the words of Israel, from first semester. I liked him. He sang sometimes and played the guitar flawlessly and full of life. I would remember him walking through the streets in Salamanca hearing the flamenco musician. "This is so spanish" Helena said when we walked from the cathedral to the library. 

The second half of high school Monica was my best friend. Graduating she became my girlfriend. We were lovers. We were happy. Or so I thought. 

"Time it was, and what a time it was. It was a time of innocence, a time of confidences. Long ago it must be, I have a photograph preserve your memories. They're all that's left you". 

That song would play in the video I made for her while I was in Spain, missing her. 

I can't remember the last time I saw that video. I think I deleted it. 

I have a two hour one of the seven of us. My best friends. The closest ones to me, the ones who were with Catherine and me in the Sierra, one of them, the only male friend I have left, they don't even know my name. 

"I am in the middle. I dress this way but is ambiguous. I don't show myself neither as a male or female. I don't commit. I let the responsibility to others. When they see me as a man after calling me a woman it's their mistake "Oh, I am sorry, I confused you". If I do it on purpose, if I wear a dress and full make up, it becomes my intention. My choice and responsibility. It's my fault then. "You didn't fool me. I saw who you were. You are really a boy.

"I don't want to commit until everyone sees me as a woman. If nobody questions me, then I don't have to defend myself. I am not ready to answer back whenever someone tells me "you are a man". How can I say: "no, I am not". "You have a penis, and XY chromosomes" What can I say then? 

I said it before though. I almost screamed it. "I am not one of your 4 men. I am not a man!" 

After school Anahi and I accompanied Catherine to see her dress. We were in the shop, that little spot in a swap meet. When Catherine stepped in to try it, Anahi asked me "Which one do you like?" "For her?" "No, for you". 

How could I answer that? I've never shopped for a dress before. I've never picked one or try one of them. I've never even worn a long dress. How could I know what I like? 

We kept walking and got to the bride ones. 

"For the wedding" she said. 

Would we wear two of those? 

"Sometime we'll do the shopping and make up and all of this together". 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-18
Words:   801
Minutes: 22

"You don't look like this. Do you have an id? It's ok, you gained some weight, didn't you?" 

"Thank you very much... Angelica" "Sofi" 


I was desperate. I couldn't take it anymore. Yesterday I was Ivan again. It was too much. Even Catherine slipped several times. I didn't care about the border, I didn't care about the pharmacy. I wore the sweater and make up. I even wore it before crossing. 

In the pharmacy I asked for the happy pills in a little higher voice. The pharmacist looked at the prescription and said nothing about the name. "The bottle has 14 pills" "Give me 2" I whispered and raised two fingers to confirm silently. She went behind the counter and took them. "They will charge you here ..." I couldn't hear what word she used. Was it son or was it daughter? How did she see me? How was I seen? 

I let it go. 

"Let me give you a hug because I won't be seeing you this often." Liliana told Catherine about the different projects she has. She offers them to her own patients because she knows them. To external people, like me, she interviews them to see their aptitudes and skills. So later we might accord a meeting. 

When we left the consult Catherine confessed to me how she could see some shadow on my upper lip. Was I ok? Was it fine telling me? 

I was going to mask it after the pharmacy, but there was no point. Why should I? I'd cross the border and be interviewed by the border patrol. Instead I cleaned the red of my lips. 

There was a short wait. We waited less than half an hour outside the offices. Then Catherine passed to the booth. "Do you speak Spanish? How do you say 'I like you'?" "Me gustas" "Thanks!" and high-fived her. I was called by the facing officer with a motion of his wrist. 

I was unrecognized. 

Until later I would think about it. How many cards do they read an hour, a day? Do they look at the info or just at the picture? Did he give up when he noticed the 'male' part? What was the point in another id? I am a man. That was the dissonance between the pic and reality. 

He let me pass and I was still scared. 

We were driving towards Liliana when I got lost in thoughts: "Is it illegal to carry a taser?" 

"What would you expect me to do if someone said an insult or made a face or something? What would you do?" 

I have reasons to be scared. That's the danger of leaving the ambiguity. That's the danger of leaving and living. 

I didn't colored my lips again. Catherine would hide the shadow but after eating. First we walked to the adults' school. I waited outside the office. I sat in a bench looking at my reflection. Several people passed by and saw me. A girl smiled. What do they see? 

Why do I care? What difference does it make? 

I entered the bathroom again. I sat in the cubicle next to Catherine. My penis never looks or feels as big as when I seat in a toilet seat where no penis should be. 

We ate in the in'n'out. Catherine ordered. We ate outside. We talked about Monica. "What did you feel when we told you yesterday that you were fixated on Monica?" 

Catherine is not Monica. She doesn't replaces her, because she doesn't need to. I like Catherine. I like being with her. "You're my first real relationship" "Monica was your first everything" 

Monica taught me what love feels like. Now, with Catherine, this is something different. It feels different. It doesn't hurt. It doesn't scar. It lifts me instead of drowning me. It makes me want to get up and live instead of hide and die. 

But it's not a comparison. I never wanted Monica. I wanted to be her. That wasn't fair. That wasn't right. 

We boarded the trolley again and got out in Palomar. Target. We looked in the feminine section. Clothes, blouses, dresses. I didn't find anything. Was I really looking? There were no purses that I liked either. I had more than 50 dollars in my wallet but now the need of spending them wasn't there. It was fine that there were nothing. We saw the underwear and I bought a bra. 

A blue, wireless bra. Like the one Monica gave to me. Smaller than the rest I own. Monica's size, actually. 

People saw me. Catherine gave the sweatshirt that her parents bought me. I changed the girl's sweater to it. 

The day wasn't fulfilled until a person addressed us as ladies. 

I wasn't seen until I confirmed that somebody really saw me. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-19
Words:   806
Minutes: 19

My head hurts. I have a headache. What's the difference between those two statements? 
In one I separate my head as in a part of my body from myself. The head hurts. It's a separate entity from me and the whole action that causes discomfort is caused and effected on it. In the second, I take responsibility for my pain. I see myself as a whole entity, a complete system. 

5 years ago if I'd read this, would it be enough to convince me that I already am a psychologist? 

I am not a psychologist. I have no doctorate. I have a bachelor's. I don't even have a certificate of profession. I haven't walked in black robe with that silly hat. 

I'll graduate and leave this person behind. 

"Have you thunk about telling Luis?" No. I won't tell him nor my parents again until after graduation. I hesitated about telling them before my birthday. How awkward would it be for them to know and be with me? The graduation is supposed to be a party, celebrate my accomplishment, what I've finished. They can celebrate it, have a last nice memory of their son. 

I think about it as I'm writing this. Rene's hesitation was subtle. It was a passive idea thrown in silence. How different would it be if I were with another therapist? 

Writing about it, projecting my own hesitation in the well-being of others, denying my own fear and anxiety using them as an excuse. "Is it really for them that you have not told them yet?". Is it really that bad them knowing who their child really is and accompanying you, knowing you? Wouldn't it be a great time for them to know, celebrate who you've been and celebrating the future that awaits you? 

That sounds so humanistic that even me from 2 years ago would have been surprised to know I said it. Is what Lilliana would tell me or what would I say to me as a patient? 

I have the contact of Liliana to concert a meeting to talk about the project. Rene told me, assured me that nothing impeded me to introduce myself to my patient as the psychologist Sofia. It I didn't sound nor looked as a woman, if whomever I would attend questioned my gender it had nothing to do with the process. 

Why does it still scares me, though? Even contacting Liliana makes me nervous. Introducing myself to her again. "I'm Sofia, Catherine's girlfriend". And then should I present myself to her dressed feminine? And then introducing her contact femininely? And then going to the course or the session in make up and a blouse? 

Where would I draw the line? Liliana knows me and has seen me. The contact doesn't know me yet. He has a blank idea of who I am. And then, the people with whom I'd work, the ones who could accept me or reject me. 

What would it mean going to work as Sofia? Does it excites me or scares me? 

Would I really get to the point to changing after leaving the house and before returning? Would I introduce myself to strangers before even to my own family? 

I already did that. 

"Angelica" "...Sofi" 

Did she believe me? 

Does it matter? 

I still have a headache. I woke up early in the morning with Luis and my mother's voices. His egg broke. Something. I don't care. I had trouble falling asleep again. I finished the Utena series and then watched the movie. 

Somebody from the elections institute came to notify Miguel he was elected to work as a functionary. My father too. 

I did some laundry. I finished with my underwear and whites. The blue bra that I bought yesterday is still in my bag with the etiquette. 

Catherine went to the doctor. She will have a surgery in her lower back. She's numb but scared. She's pressured by the time. As I am. 
She has the invitations to the graduation. Two more weeks and all of this will be over. I would have graduated and finished my life as a student. No more suit, no more parties. 

No. There will still be parties and suits. This is the last known event that I will have to attend. But what if somebody dies or even Luis' graduation a couple of months from now. I will have to wear something to it. I will be seen as his older brother. 

Or will I? He will be graduating in July. I have my appointment in April. My parents have to know before my appointment. I can't deal with this on my own. 

It feels as if I did something wrong. As if I did it behind their backs and I should confess a crime. Is that another reason why I am scared? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-20
Words:   783
Minutes: 20

The graduation is close. I told my parents I have almost everything for the process of the license. I just have to pay for the honorific mention and buy two or three tickets for the raffle. Yesterday, was it yesterday?, I saw again the job postulation asking for someone to contact and treat the patients. Register their treatment and process. I am a perfect fit for it. They haven't filled the position in one month. There must not be a lot of competition. It was new, less than a day of age. 

I didn't apply. What of it scares me? That they'll ask me to wear a uniform? They'll ask me to cut my hair? They might ask me to ... There will be people with whom I'll have to socialize. In every job that's something that I'll need. 

I looked about the people the Colef sponsors. Their jobs are given to students of bachelors or master. I have to be a student to be considered. So that closes that option. 

There are job offerings looking for interns but those places are not paid. Am I scared? Why didn't I send the resume? Why does the idea of them calling me makes me nervous? The possibility of hiring me scares me. That's what I want, that's what I need. 

Everyone has their job and position and something to do. I am lost. 

What if my job impedes me to continue changing? 

I have said that I'll wait after the graduation. I'll apply to almost everything that I can apply to after that. But what if I move the goalpost again after I reach it? I said I wouldn't look until new year's eve, then it was something else. Now is the graduation. Will the next one be the meeting with the endocrinologist? 


It irritates me. It's frustrating. I feel impotent and useless. 

I feel lonely again. 

I used to wake up and distract myself with that weird anime of Utena and the duels in that school. The feminist anime full of symbolism. I ended it yesterday. Today I watched a movie about a comedian who gets pregnant and has an abortion. 

I broke fast in the morning and returned to bed. Like those other days. I haven't showered since thursday. I can smell myself. I haven't shaved either since then. I should do it after finishing this. Maybe that will help me feel better. Cleaner. Spotless. 

It's the weekend will somebody even see my resume? Will I be contacted? The last job I applied to didn't even called me back for a meeting. 

I just need something until I can go and apply for the master. I have the project of Catherine's old therapist. I could talk about sexuality or attend patients. With a patient I would receive money. With the shops maybe I won't. 

I have to contact her, too. 

Anahi and Catherine made plans for next week. We could go to the beach Tuesday. It was accorded. We would meet then. I turned the phone and went back to bed. It will be hot those days. What if I would wear dress? Would I dare? Being out with them. 

It's too soon. I'm rushing myself. Someone will react badly. I may be confronted or harassed. Am I not scared? 

I could wear shorts and a blouse. Would I really? What is it with me and doing that? Doesn't it hurt? 

No. It hurts not doing it. It hurts waking up and staying home all day. It hurts spending another day as Ivan. But dressing up and going outside is not the solution. They're just clothes. I am the same person. My beard still grows and my penis still hangs. 

I feel lonely and I feel useless. What use does being a psychologist give me? What benefits do I get with going to Tecate to receive an award for my test results? 

What's the point of having more than three hundred contacts in Facebook if I don't dare to publish the pictures I like? 

Why don't I post them? Because people will see them. Isn't that the whole point of sharing them? Showing them? 

What happens with them seeing them? They will know. They will see me. They will question me. They will talk. 

They will know my secret. No. They will see them, will see me. They won't know a thing. It's just pictures. They will question or comment. They might laugh. 

Am I scared of them laughing at what I like? Am I scared of people taking them away from me? 

Am I scared of them not reacting? To them seeing them like a normal picture. Seeing Ivan in them. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-21
Words:   801
Minutes: 18

"I don't want to talk right now. Can we chat in the evening?" 

I sent a text message to Lilliana and my curriculum in both English and Spanish to the scantibodies place. 

I opened the word file of my resume and started translating it to English. I almost finished. I thought I did. Uploaded the files and clicked send. I still had the files opened when I realized a subtitle said "Logros". If I were recruiting for that place I would discard the resume instantly unless there were no other candidates. After one month the offer is still open. Either the salary is shit or they haven't find someone who can fulfill their needs. 

I am overqualified to what they are looking. They want someone with a high school degree. I have a bachelors and experience with patients. And a degree more useful to them than an administering one. But I made a mistake. I wasn't going to apply anyway. It's the same. At least I tried. Now they can ignore me and I can count them as another place I contacted. 

With Lili I have a meeting tomorrow. She will ask me my contact information and I will ask her about the details of the projects. She told Catherine to ask for my info. "Her name as is in her documents". Was that what hurt the most? 

It actually should had eased everything. It settled that stuff. Now I knew that I was trying as Ivan. I was meeting her as Ivan and would apply as Ivan. Because that's the name in my documents, the name everybody knows me by. 

That wasn't it. It sure helped but it wasn't the main issue. 

The courses about sexuality probably won't be paid. I'll receive no remuneration. It would be better for me to take the patient. Practice therapy. I'd receive payment and supervision. I can use those hours as experience in individual therapy. The worst that can happen is a teenager abandoning the process. No, they could insult me or hit me or something excessive like that. But I'm not worried about those. 

It should be the obvious choice. One, two sessions a week. Half of the paid would go as rent to the office. I'd pay the supervision with that money. 

The other option, probably unpaid is the one that deals with more people. Is going to high schools and talk about sexuality. Teach about genitals and getting pregnant and how not. Talking about what I know, what I researched. What I obsessed with for a while. What I'm passionate about. 

But they're teenagers. They will be whole groups of them. I am scared of them, of how they might react, what they might say or do. What they might see. 

I'm scared of incarcerating in a project I won't be able to do. I'm scared of setting me into more time as Ivan. 

But that's what will happen when I get a job. That's will happen whatever I decide. 

Is that why I sent the message and set the meeting and sent the resume even though it scares me as much to see and talk with patients in that office? 

I don't know when they'll contact me or even if they will. They might not. They probably won't. 

With Liliana's project is just a day a week. Little pay. Doing something with my time. Am I able? Do I know enough? Can I do a good job? 

"Did you fall asleep?" says the little pop up notification with Catherine's face. I abandoned her again. "What do I choose? What availability do I have?" She kept sending me messages with answers. Just one day a week. I can pick whatever I want, sure the sex courses probably won't be paid and the therapy will be almost nothing. She chose fridays because of her english classes. Was I upset because of the name? I should contact Lili myself and give her the information. I might set an appointment with her. I should tell her how the request of the name made me feel... 

I couldn't. I wanted to cry. I felt the tears forming and my fears solidifying inside, like a dark fog taking form, filling me like a balloon ready to pop. I wanted to escape. I ran away. I hid the phone under my leg and kept watching the tv. I cried two single tears that nobody saw. The only one who know was Catherine because I wrote it to her. 

Do I want anyone else to know? Did I want my mother who was doing the dishes to turn and notice? Notice the tears, notice me. 

They won't come if I don't invite them. They won't come after a whole life of sending them away. 

I need their help.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-22
Words:   762
Minutes: 19

I dreamed with Monica once again. She sent me a text message in whatsapp. There was this weird question that surfaced as soon as I saw her name in the notification. "What's the cause?" Why would she contact me? Is it my birthday, hers? We didn't talk in new year's nor christmas. I read the message and kept wondering about that: "Why?" 

Yesterday I fell asleep with that thought in my mind. Asking her. Why can't I? I told her, proposed to her, to part our ways. Let's separate until you're ready. That was more than one hundred days ago. Do I have permission to contact her and ask her that? Is that really what I want? Just to know if he saw me. Yes or no. Would I leave it there? Of course not. I would continue, "Did he ask you something?, did you tell him something?" 

And then? Would that be enough? "ok, thanks" and I'd leave for a hundred more days. 

Does that change anything? I looked her up last time. I contacted her and mend the bridge. She wasn't ready and I was hurt. It should end there. I should had left her there, too. 

I went to Liliana's office today. Catherine went to do her test. I put on the blue bra that I bought last week. I could wear whatever the fuck I want. There would be nobody home. No. That's not true. I left home after Miguel arrived. 

I showered and shaved. I did my hair and put make up on. Almost nothing, just enough to be comfortable. I was wearing gray pants and a blue and gray shirt. I went to the closet and took the gray dress that Catherine gave me. I undressed in front of the mirror and wore it. Could I leave the house like this? My bare legs, my bare arms. It felt big. The part over my chest was baggy. 

I didn't look bad. But I didn't feel comfortable enough to be outside like that. I know I'd be seen as a woman. Mostly. Maybe. 

No. I would have to take extra clothes anyway. I am not ready to face my parents like that. It will be a thousand times easier telling them with my words than with my clothes. 

Yesterday I felt bad thinking about this ambiguity that I can't escape from. I didn't use my name when I sent Lili a text. 'I'm Catherine's partner". I let her fill the blank. 

"Do I have you on whatsapp or Facebook?" "Yes" She was looking for me. She hadn't found me yet. 
"Ivan Fernandez?" Several times she had called me 'son' or used male pronouns. I wasn't wearing the dress but pants and a shirt. 
"I have you as Sofi" and smiled. "Do you want me to have you as Ivan or is Sofi alright?" I smiled back. I felt shy. I asked her just like I did with Rene when he offered to treat me like Sofia. I said yes and smiled and felt a combination of shyness and joy. 

We talked about her different projects. Psychotherapy, groups and talks about sexuality, talks about nutrition, evaluation of people. She even offered me giving me her archive of tests for me to do an investigation with it. 

My face lightened up. I was interested. I wanted to. Of course I did. 

Minutes after when I was already in my car on my way home, I felt different. Sure, there were something I could do. I might even gain some money from it. Why didn't it feel enough? What was lacking? 

I would be doing research she talked about the possibility of actually presenting the results. And yet it felt wrong. It felt as if it wasn't what I wanted. 

I want to do research. I like tests and data analysis. I like all those sort of things. 

Except that is not the research that I want to do. There are thousands and thousands of papers of psychological tests. In Mexico, in Latino America in the whole word. With groups bigger, incomparably bigger than the one that I could muster. 

No one, no body is doing the research that I have in mind. There are not as many papers about people like me. There is no research nor interest. 

I could present the results and they would be more valuable. To society, to the medical community, to people like me. 

I have to do it. I can't let it be just an idea. 

This is what I'm meant to do. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-23
Words:   774
Minutes: 18

Yesterday I thought again about the possible projects of research I could do. Would I do a personal pencil and paper survey or an online one? Could I send the form to all the psychologists in Mexico? I could use it and disperse it by Facebook by the help of the contacts I have. I could send it by email to the psychologists in the lists of psychotherapists of the different schools. 

I could do a lot of things. Interviews, focal groups, surveys. I could see myself presenting the results in a congress. Speaking in front of an auditory and talking, talking about the importance of it. Seeing how surprised I was by the results, seeing myself explaining how it's so important to do something to actualize the professionals in the right way of treating the trans community. I could make a workshop, I could organize a talk. I could do lot of things. 

Would I do them as a trans person myself? 

Would I say it in front of a crowd, would I wear woman's clothes and change my own voice when speaking? Would I enlist my name in the paper itself? Would I be questioned by the possible bias of the study by my participation? Would people applaud? Even though I am who I am. 

I want to do it with Catherine. I want to meet her and talk about this. I could actually do this research in my own school. "Health sciences" is the name of the grad program. I might get it for free if I end up being Magna Cum Lavde. 

Catherine asked me last night if I could go with her to her lab tests. I declined. I would had to wake up early and go pick her up and being ready. I ended up falling asleep past 3 in the morning. She had returned home when I had just opened my eyes. 

Tomorrow I have a session with Rene. I may talk about this, my meeting with Liliana and her coming and forth with her way of calling me. I might talk about going to the US and not being recognized or introducing myself to the woman of the adults' school. 

This project I have is like a little stone stuck in my shoe. I keep postponing it, though. I could be reading the book I downloaded or looking up information about qualitative research or more papers about the theme. Yet I have done nothing. 

Three, four times was I called today by Telcel. They're not even my phone company and they're still irritating. I have blocked several numbers of them and they're still four of 6 contacts in the most frequent screen. 

After therapy we might go to the movies. I wanted to wear something girly. I want to look feminine. I don't want to be seen as Ivan. Not anymore, I don't care about the ambiguity. I care about my family. I either put on something neutral with which I can return home or wear something daring that I'll end up changing outside the house before entering home. 

I can show myself to the world but not to my family. The world keeps changing. The people who might judge me won't be there later. The sight of my parents and brother's reaction is not something that time itself will wash away. 

No, it will. The thing is that I have to stay here and be witness of how the adapt. I actually will know what they will think or feel. 

No, that's not true either. I won't know. Even know I don't know what they do know or ignore. I don't know what they intentionally miss or try to forget. 

Rene was surprised by my thinking of my mother not remembering what I told her. It's easier for me, convincing myself that it didn't happen, that she forgot. It would be easier dealing with the comments she has made. 

I hate her stupid joke of asking if someone is depressed. Miguel was serious and she questioned him if he had depression. I was just beside him but resisted to turn. She might have realized or she just might had continued as an act of routine. "Post-partum depression" 

Yeah. Depression is possible. Is something that wanders in the house. It's necessary to take it to the impossible, the ridicule. The joke is you can't be pregnant. Har har. 

I get irritated by what they do or say and yet I can't say anything myself. What the fuck is it that impedes me to open up?

If I stay shelled in my own secrecy I will rot. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-24
Words:   826
Minutes: 19

Today there was no confirmation. 

I woke up almost 12 hours ago. I was dreaming something. There was some kind of hotel, and a group of people with me waiting in the bathroom. We needed to be ready for someplace. Catherine was the first to get into the shower. She was naked and didn't mind. There was another woman who was already undressing. Could I undress too? Did I feel like a woman or a man? I knew there I had a penis. Was I thinking of it or was I only shy? 

I was brushing my teeth or something. I was rinsing my mouth with something. When I spat I opened my eyes and continue the action in my own pillow. Irritated I just pushed it away from me and returned to sleep. Not a lot after I woke up again and stayed awake. 

What is it with me and bathrooms in my dreams? There is always a bathroom. The need to get ready for someplace and the pressure of time. It's been my morning routine almost all of my life. Waking up, getting ready, going somewhere. 

There was a conversation with Catherine and Anahi. It was Catherine's first day at school. I was out of the shower when she texted me again to tell me her teacher was organizing a trip to San Diego Zoo. 

I'm writing this words with an opened bottle of beer right in front of me. My teeth are pushing and screaming. I should had taken them out almost 5 years ago. The dentist warned me that it was dangerous leaving them in. They would ache and I would have to take them out anyway sooner or later. 

There has been several times when a subtle notice grabs my attention. Like a little push to remind me they're there still. They scare me and by the next day the get quiet again. 

Maybe it's the alcohol or the coldness of my drink. Maybe it's like Catherine said and just because we didn't kiss enough. 

After the shower I tried the blue blouse I wore in the pride. It was wrinkled and I felt weird in it. Something about my chest or shoulders. Was my face ready then or was it before I did my hair? 

Today I finished the first bottle of my pills. I have to remember to buy them again. 

Next week is my graduation. I don't want it again. In the movie theater I told Catherine how I hadn't thunk about Luis' graduation. It will be in July. How will I go? Will I still go as Ivan? Will I dress differently? Present differently? 

"My brother has long hair" "Does he?" "Yeah, he does". Will his conservative principal look at me funny? Will I go with a suit and tie? 

There is a lot of time since then. And, unlike the time before this graduation, there are a lot of things that will happen before then. 

Catherine was right. I don't even know how will my parents react. How will they act to how I dress or looks. To the changes that I'll experience. Even then, I don't really know if I will be able to take hormones and have those changes. 

"Can you open this for me? ... Thanks" 

Does he glance this way? Is he interested in what I write in here? 

I haven't written about telling him nor my dad. My graduation is coming. I said I would tell them after it. 

I wore a red long-sleeved t-shirt over the jeggings. I painted my lips red. I hid my eyes under the sunglasses. I walked to therapy and got in an oxxo before my session. "Sofiaa, I need your help". Is she mocking me? Is she being polite? Is it a game to her? 

Why am I getting this defensive? When I read the text I felt excited and glad. Is it the beer? 

I dropped a coin when I was putting my notes in my wallet. "Oh, I found 2 pesos" said the man who gave it to me. Was he being playful? Did he see me as a woman? Did anyone? 

I met Catherine in Plaza Rio. "You've looked more feminine other times. You don't look as feminine, but you don't look masculine, either. I can't pinpoint what exactly is it. You really look neutral. I'm sorry" 

Did it have something to do with this feeling? 

We saw Room after eating a pizza in Food garden. I was excited and motivated telling her about my research project. What I plan, what I want to do. 

There was a phone conversation that lasted a significant fraction of the movie, as well as a lot more than a handful of different ringtones that rang several times along the projection. 

Catherine was tired. After picking up her dress I left her home. It's her first day and she walked a lot. 

I am tired, too. 




------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-25
Words:   851
Minutes: 16

"In that one you don't look like a woman. But yo do in this one" "I'm bisexual, no, trisexual: I am a man, a woman and a swagger" 

Does he know what he is talking about? I know he's playing but he makes me nervous. What if he's like me? What if me coming out actually confuses him? Did I want to tell him when I was in bed laughing at his jokes? I pointed towards the box that is in front of my books. He read what it said and didn't get it at first. "It was my valentine's gift". 

He opened the box to look inside. There are two kit kats but he didn't recognize them. He thought they were really condoms. 

I woke up early today. I've been awake since 7 in the morning. I opened my eyes when my mom and he were getting ready to leave. Was she screaming? In the evening when they arrived before my dad, she had no voice left. As soon as the car drove off I got up and drove to the oxxo. I bought a small ginger ale and a large bottle of lemonade. I wanted to drink something sugary since yesterday. Now, after almost a liter of soda in the whole day, I regret it. 

I was in pajamas when I paid. There was a young man paying in front of me. The cashier called him "young man" like 4 times. Yesterday I shaved. I was just up. Would he see me? How many times would he say it to me? I payed. He just used it once. 

I watched a movie. True story. Jonah Hill and James Franco. A journalist interviewing a man who killed his wife and children. A psychological thriller. A half an hour episode of Law and Order, like one of the reviews wrote. 

Yesterday's movie was different. I didn't have much expectations. I almost asked Catherine to see another one when we met. We cried when the mother finally was rescued by the police and ran towards her son in the patrol car. I felt the anxiety of the prep for his escape. I felt the sadness of the punches the questions of the interview gave them. I felt. 

How many movies have I wasted not really feeling? Is this how everybody experiences cinema? Was Whiplash the first movie I really saw? How do people like going to the movies? 

I downloaded a pdf reader in my tablet. I haven't opened the statistics book I downloaded in a lot of time. Yesterday I downloaded a manual for doing research protocols from the National University of Mexico. I can use it as a guide for my project. 

When I was explaining my ideas to Catherine she confessed to me how she didn't really see me going to the schools and doing the survey. Sure, I would coordinate the project and organize it, but she couldn't really see me doing the field work. I know from where she was talking about. I know myself too. This was different though. I have thunk about it. I have considered calling or sending emails and presenting myself to the principals of schools, to the teachers.  

The professors and students is even more feasible. 

But that's not what I remembered. Afterwards, when I asked her which one of them would she like to do, she evaded the question. Doesn't she really want to do it with me? Maybe it isn't really her thing. It's ok. 

I guess. 

It was weird. We chatted a little in her breaks. After returning from the US, we haven't talked much. I actually have chatted more with Anahi than with her. 

I went to my parents' closet and looked for my high school grad suit. Yesterday was, I think, when I commented it to her. I thought about not wearing a tie. I imagine myself with the suit of the wedding. But it doesn't really fit. It feels wrong. I saw the first five minutes of the next show that was recording. It was... I don't remember. There was this man with a suit, a three pieces suit, but he looked casual. He wasn't wearing a tie and hist shirt was open just over his waistcoat. I remembered my grad suit. I could use it. It would fit. A graduation suit. The first and last one I use. 

Before the movies I thought about Luis' grad, too. 

I sent her a picture of me with it. "I felt weird when I looked at the picture ... I liked it, it looked good, but it wasn't you." 

She asked me, too, if I changed my voice yesterday. It was different. I did, but not totally. Today I heard myself. I downloaded a voice analyzer and a sound recorder. At first I read a fragment of Dorian Grey in my own voice. Then, I read it changing my voice. It marks if it sounds feminine, masculine or androgynous. 

Even though it marks it, even though there is a confirmation, I can't allow myself to believe it. 

Why? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-26
Words:   906
Minutes: 18

I can't stop thinking about that fucking question. 

"In your place, I don't think I would be wearing the clothes outside, not yet. I couldn't deal with people wondering if I'm male or female, not until I had went to the laser or started the hormones and had physical changes. Not until I blended in." Don't I blend in?" "No, you don't." "So, how I look right now, it is not enough for you?" "It isn't enough". 

I feel like she lied to me. It doesn't hurt because of what she said. It hurts me because of all that she has said before. I was fooled by her double standard. I look good enough to be outside and be seen, but only because it's me. If it were her, it wouldn't be enough. I don't blend. I don't look bad, but I still grab sights. "3 in 10 people, maybe, turn and wonder what you are. It's not that you look manly. There is something in you, something weird, that makes people doubt, you know? 'is that a man? Nah, or is it?' " 

I was thinking about that conversation in argana in our way home. I felt like an idiot. I doubted everyone but her. Anahi, Liliana, Paola. How could anyone use that name if I look like a man still? She was the only one whom I trusted. I could had bet that she saw me as a woman. I was a woman to her. It threw me off when I realized that I haven't changed enough. 

How can I ask them, then? How can I want to be called Sofia if I haven't changed? That was the whole fucking deal. I look like a man. When they used that name or feminine pronouns when I still look like this, it's a lie. It's a favor. It's because I wanted, because I asked it. I feel like a midget being called a giant. Just because of its good intentions doesn't make it less of an ironic mocking.

That's not the question that bugs me. That's not why I opened her stupid conversation and typed again, even though it won't change a fucking thing. It'll make things worse. If she doesn't answer, it'll be about her apathy. If she answers back, it will be her coldness or her hypocrisy. If I receive the answer I want I won't believe and if it isn't, I'll hate myself for even wonder it. 

And yet again, here I am still seeing her fucking ghost. I won't let her die. She's gone. Why can't I just understand it and deal with her absence. She's gone, god damn it. 

She left, I cried, it hurt. It's in the past. There it belongs. 

I should worry about the future. I sent another CV. This one about tutorship to adults on their classes. I don't think I'll be contacted. It doesn't matter. I tried. 

Catherine saw her patient today. She started the evaluation but won't be able to continue it. Their schedules don't match. They referred her to me. I felt envy of her case and now it's on my lap. I might receive just less than 10 bucks for my work but it's something. 

Liliana asked Catherine to tell me to call her. I did. How should I introduce myself? Ivan or Sofia? Who the fuck am I? 

She went ahead of me and addressed me even before I could open my mouth. "Sofi, how are you?" Later she sent me the contact info of the girl, and the hypothesis that I would investigate. I just had to schedule the meeting and tell her later about it. 

I called her and she answered. I hadn't think about my past patients until later. She was in class. "Can I return your call? I'm in class and it's just started." 

I packed the phone in my bag and finished getting ready. I wore my red pencil subtly in my lips. I wanted to look feminine. I failed. 
"Do I look more or less feminine than when we went to the movies?" I saw the worry in her eyes before her answer. "Less" she said quickly to get over it. It didn't matter, whatever, I could take it. At least it's the truth.  

There I remembered about the call and checked the phone. I had a missed call about 20 minutes earlier. I sent her a text so I would not interrupt another of her classes. She hasn't answered yet. TTomorrow I will call her again. Then I started to remember and worry. What if she abandons me, too? What is it with people leaving? 

There was the woman who got angry when I turned in the street besides the fish place. She didn't address me in any way. I don't know what she saw. The only one who address us was the gum seller in the bay: "Misses, would you help me buying some gum...". It's the same man who tried to sell to me and Monica and later to Catherine and me. Now, it was the first time she met Sofia and Cathy.

Was he lying, too? Was he one of the 7 who sees me? 

Do the strangers lie or they address me with kindness? 

Will I escape the people who knows my past to surround me with strangers so that I can live with my persona hidden in a secret?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-27
Words:   817
Minutes: 18

It's almost midnight and I'm in bed. I have the phone next to my pillow. I'm not talking with Catherine, not tonight. In the computer I had the whatsapp site open. I looked for Monica's conversation and typed the damned question. I hesitated to click enter. I went to bed with that day's conversation still in mind. I have the question typed in Monica's conversation in my phone. I want to push enter. I want her to read it. I know she's online and won't see it until tomorrow, I don't care. I want to know. I want to know if he saw me. I want to know if I was recognized. His reaction won't be camouflaged in kindness. He hates me. I know how my friends react, people who love me, or claimed to, do. The reaction of someone who loathes me is invaluable, unbiased. 

It would be a secret. I'm planning not to even mention Catherine. I won't mention the question, the hesitation. I don't even plan to say a word about her response. I think about possible answers. "No, he didn't."  That would be it. All for nothing. "Yes, but he didn't recognize you" That's the one I hope for, but why? What does it change? It makes no difference and yet my heart starts running and fears that because of my anticipation it will never come. "Yes, he saw you and was surprised, he didn't say nothing" "...he said something". Would I ask her what was it? It would be an endless fall with no end. I would want to know what he said, and then, how she reacted, and then what she felt, and then how he answered back. Did she tell him something? Does he know now? Does her family?... That's what I fear. And then it comes. The most possible answer, the one that I don't expect and yet, after its arrival I would feel like an idiot for not seeing it come: 

"I don't remember" "Ivan, don't start" 

I throw the phone away and go to sleep. 

It's nine o'clock. I went to the United States. I feel manly, freakish. I feel broken, betrayed. It's not that I think she let me down. I don't doubt what she told me. I doubt that I asked for the right information. She might have answered with the truth, but that's not what I wanted to know. It helped me shit that she sees me like a woman if nobody else does. How many times was I exposed and vulnerable? How many people didn't see me and thought ridicule of me? How many of them did laugh or pointed or avoided me? 

I am a doubt. I am a freak. I have no changes. I have not changed physically at all. 

Monica was a bitch because of her answer and yet I feel sorrow at cause of Catherine's opposite one. She sees me as a woman and I was fooled by it. I trusted my own false image. I let myself believe I was invisible. 

How ridicule will I look when I tell my parents? 

I thought about mentioning. I want to make an appointment to clean my facial hair with laser. I want to get rid of it. Why? Because I don't like it. I don't like it because it makes me look like a boy. 

It was something to say. A little thing. I'm not asking them for money. I'm not asking them for permission. I am letting them know. I am sharing it. I couldn't open my mouth. Did they notice my silence? Does anyone ever? 

I shared something else. I said how the guard didn't recognize me last time I crossed. I narrated the incident but omitted my outfit and my face. I left out the most important thing. "You know how sometims I wear make up? I wore it that day". My father would be furious. How could I be so foolish? What if they said something or took me to secondary inspection? 

Why would I wear make up anyway? 

"I would not risk being seen with that ambiguity. Knowing that I lie between a boy and a girl. I would not wear those clothes or make up, not until I had started changes" 

I was angry and decided to know. I sent the question to Monica. And then I asked the same to Anahi. How do I look? I thought about telling Johanna, about sending another one-way letter to Helena. What do I care how they react? They are half a world away from me. They know almost nothing of me. They won't miss me. They won't note my absence. 

I had no internet so I didn't. 

I smiled with Anahi's response. It seemed honest and clumsy and sincere. And yet, was she really saying the truth? Can I really trust in the people who care? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-28
Words:   769
Minutes: 17

I'm full of energy and anxiety. My leg is restless and agitated. There is music in my ears but it doesn't calm me. 

Many languages that I mostly don't understand. What was the last song in my own manner of speech? For a moment I forget it's spanish. I've lived where that tongue was born. I've stood in that country, in that city. I've seen the moon from that distant place. 

Yesterday I thought about sending my secret towards there. I could tell Germany, I could tell Estonia. Did her mother die? Did she get a job or started her master? 

Did Johanna ever wonder what caused my melancholy? Did Helena ever imagine my obsessive thoughts with her? One was way more obvious than the other. 

I thought about sending her an audio message in her birthday. I didn't. Hers was little after mine. Helena was earlier, last year. Which could I tell first? Helena's reaction worries me less. I did kiss her, but maybe it actually never even happened. Johanna was closest and yet we haven't had a conversation in months, haven't heard her voice in years. What do I win telling them? Another person knowing, another one who knows before the ones who could actually help me. Another practice. Maybe that is it. 

I asked her again. "How would you had told Paola?" "The same way you did, I guess". I remembered her my thoughts about her reaction. "I freaked out, sorry". I could ask Paola herself how did she take it. What were or are her thoughts. I could ask her Wednesday I will see her. I will deliver her book. I will see everybody again. All but Anahi. 

Anahi is my best friend now. I asked her just as I did Monica. Monica is still silent, gone. Do I ignore her phantom or is it gone also? The times that I reluctantly go back to her conversation to see her last time online it marks the same way. Maybe she went out. Maybe she uninstalled the app. Maybe she ignored it. And yet again I am here writing about it, waiting, wondering and expecting. The answer will be trivial. Later I won't even remember it. 

The Oscars were today. Leo won. I told Catherine how I didn't want Redmayne to win. I knew there would be stupid jokes in the internet. And then, when Leo's name was called and he gave his speech I thought about what would Eddie had said. Would I feel as Anahi felt with Lady Gaga's song about rape? 

I was ignoring what was happening until I saw my phone and in it Anahi's crying emojis. I rewinded it and payed attention. 

Weekend is almost over. My mother is alone in her bedroom and I'm here typing. Catherine and Anahi are both asleep. Eusebio didn't see my last messages. Maybe tomorrow I can message Paola and start a conversation. Follow Catherine's advice. 

Next week, after graduation I will call and make an appointment in the laser place. I will have a "grad present' with that money maybe I could pay it myself. I should mention it to my parents. I don't want to go and talk to my mother now. I don't want to talk to her even more without saying a word to my father. 

Catherine dreamed with me last night. We were in the movies and there was this game where you passed your phone. After the movie ended I realized I was phone-less. Catherine took it upon herself to go ask if someone had it. Everyone pointed towards the next person and she continued looking. Even I wasn't in the dream anymore. It was all about Catherine's search. A theater, even the swap meet where we went. Miguel, lastly Jhonny gave her a necklace which fit with something she already had. She felt relieved and woke up. 

I interpreted her dream as her guilt over my "lost secret", she wanted to see who knew about me. Who could give me the answer and confidence I lost. At the end, she got a necklace instead, symbolizing our relationship. 

Next week is the graduation. I will see the patient wednesday's morning and from there I'll go to my therapy. A day before I'll have my rehearsal. Thursday I'll pick the grad dress or however is called. Friday will be the ceremony and Saturday's evening the party. And then it will all be over. Will I tell them after it? Will I pick another late date or will it finally be it? 

Will this desperation make me tell them even earlier? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-02-29
Words:   757
Minutes: 17

"What did you do today?" "Nothing" 

I really thought I had done nothing. I was wrong. I did a lot. I looked for people. I sent a message to Eusebio and talk almost more with Anahi than with Catherine. I started a conversation with Hilda. I opened up. I woke up late. It was past noon when I got up from bed. My dad was already home. Last night were just my mother and me. I think I heard her leave in the morning. I know I dreamed something but I can't recall anything from it. 

I heard the door and the keys. I heard the footsteps climbing the stairs. I didn't know if it was Miguel or my dad until I went outside. "Have you eaten?" "No" "Do you want me to get you something?" "No, it's ok, I have something in here". 

We were all alone today. It was like yesterday's evening when it was the perfect opportunity to bring the subject. He was lying in the couch and I was on the other one. There was no one else who could interrupt us or listen to it. I felt nervousness and my heart raced. I let it go. I let it escape. The moment passed. 

That's when I took a shower. He picked up Miguel from college. I shaved both my legs and my face. I had cuts all over my shins. My face was smooth. I could had mentioned it. It didn't have to be about me or my gender or my appointment. It could be just mentioning my plans. "I'm thinking about looking for a laser treatment for my beard." 

"Why?" "Why would yo do something like that?" They might laugh. They might mock. 

Why do I want them both to be present? 

Monica hasn't gone online. Sure I sent the message but I still avoid her. Why did I archived the conversation as soon as I touched send? What was I looking away from? What is it that I don't want to see? Whom do I want to convince that I don't care? 

Catherine doesn't know. Nobody, not even she, knows that I sent it. The message left my phone but hasn't reached hers. It's still there, somewhere, floating, like a ghost. 

I unarchived the conversation and let it be. Why should I be so afraid of it? It the answer really doesn't matter, then it won't change nothing. Then it has no importance. 

Tomorrow it's the rehearsal of the grad. I'll meet Catherine in the afternoon in school. I'll drive and wait there. Tonight I will interpret some of her tests and look for other ones to apply. Maybe I can just use another session and finish. Less than an hour and I'll be paid 125 pesos. 

Tomorrow I won't shave. I'll wear something normal. I should always be wearing something normal. I heard it, I learned it. I don't pass. I knew that already. She's right. She had told me before. Why did this time was different? 

Why do I keep thinking about what to wear then? Why do I keep caring? I will wear the leggings. Will I? Will I meet my patient like that? "You can always just introduce yourself as Sofia the psychologist. You don't have to explain anything". 

"You usually say your name before, though. It all depends." And yes it does. She already knows who I am. She knows my name. Will she know my face? Does it make a difference? 

There was that microsoft page that guesses your age and gender with a picture. When I read about it, several people mentioned these other, more advanced sites. Face++ was one of them. Yesterday I looked for it. I saved a couple of pictures. One of my birthday, the one where I supposedly look like a teenager and the recent one. 

One, the recent, the first I sent, said I was a boy with a 99.9% of certainty. It was a little hurting but it wasn't wrong. I couldn't be more objective than that. It had certainty degrees and a complicated algorithm and  an unbiased non-feeling computer behind it. Catherine might lie, even unconsciously for my own sake. Anahi might lie for not hurting me. Strangers might condescend for kindness. But a computer doesn't care. A computer doesn't think or wonders, it just answers. Its task is to guess my age and gender and that's what it'll do. 

The other ones said female with a more than 90% certainty. I didn't believe them either. 

