------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-01
Words:   846
Minutes: 31

Nymeria is on the floor. She's still with her fore legs on mine although she has just fallen from my lap. I've returned from Catherine's car outside the private. This time we didn't go out, nor she brought me home from her house. I accompanied her outside after spending the afternoon here. We were talking about Mexico. I opened up, "I'm nervous about everything that's ahead". What can I do? How can I do it? I showed her the status before when we were in the couch. Someone posted in Reddit if it counted as discrimination when he was denied information about an apartment because the building was a "family place", of mom, dad and children. He referred as his Significant Other as partner instead of girlfriend, so he assumed that the landlord took the presupposed sexual orientation as the cause of denial. 

If being gay was cause enough of being denied. What would happen with me, someone who is trans. A "man" who thinks is a woman. A freak that looks like a girl but has a boy's name in her papers. 

Catherine's response was just a frown. There was nothing else to say. 

In her car, I explained how it wasn't just that. I'd have to be accepted to the master program, then finding somewhere to live and the whole process of changing the id, as Ivan still. After that could I start with the whole process of the name in the birth certificate and then the id again and the CURP and the papers in the university and everything else. 

She said that I'm taking everything at once. One step at a time, she proposed, posing her hand upon my thigh. 

Looking for a place to live is the first place. The master program? What if I'm denied? What if they refuse my entrance because I'm trans? 

What will I do if I don't even get to the program? How can I  stay here, where I can't change anything, where I don't dare to look for a job, where I'm trapped in an arrested development. I cried in desperation in her car. It was the realization of the words I said in the discussion of early today. 

We talked about going to the United States, maybe going to In N Out. She invited Anahi. Everything was set until she started calculating the money needed for transportation and gasoline and parking. She was almost touching the red figures. We cancelled and she concluded with a "I was already excited about today. It's like I'm getting up again just to be thrown back." 

"Tell me about it", this has been my last weeks. "I feel mine and yours". 

There was something in those words that made me lose it. I did not scream nor insult her. I said no more than three words, and yet those were enough: 

"I doubt it" 

"Wey, I try looking for the chance of going out with you and I see how you get when I have to cancel you again. I feel guilt. I know you feel bad. I know what it is to feel trapped." 

"But I don't feel bad because I won't go out today. You can ask money to your dad. It can even be borrowed, and there, your problems are solved for two weeks. There's going to be a mass for my uncle in Orange and here they're talking about going. We would need to get permits, and that would mean that I'd have to dress as a man and pretend I'm still studying. 

You can get your permit and take the driver's test and in two weeks have your license and avoid the spending on transport and parking. I can do nothing to change my name. 

Don't tell me you fell both yours and mine." 

"I know, I'm ridiculous." 

I did not know if she was serious. In my last relationship that could be a sarcastic statement, an exaggeration trying to undermine my point. Was she really thinking she was ridiculous? I don't think her problems mean nothing. But it was the pain of being in front of her issues with the two hundred dollars she received in her paycheck when I don't even have a job. 

"I feel you put me aside... You feel nobody can understand, ok, maybe it's true. Maybe I won't get to understand you. I've been here, some years now, by your side. Every step ahead and back I've been here. I'm glad when you're happy, and it hurts me when you're sad. I've seen you beautiful and radiant like in my parents' wedding and I've seen you in your worst when you're crying on my shoulder. 

And it hurt me that you underestimate my feeling respecting you and me.

...Can I go to your house?"

We watched Netflix. The first episode of Rick and Morty and the second episode of Luke Cage. We ate meat and tostitos with fruit. We played with my dog. 

I love her. Why do I keep trying to hurt the people I love? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-02
Words:   880
Minutes: 19

I almost forgot to write today's words. I was just coming to my room after watching TV lying on the couch. Nymeria was resting on her flower by my side. I called her to come to bed and asked Luis to turn the lights. I was just about to get onto it, when I saw the computer and remembered. 

I don't have the energy. It's weird. This is supposed to help me. These words are an outlet that let me get the feelings out of my chest and unload all thoughts and sorrows that haunt me and cloud my day. Writing here is almost the same as what I do in Rene's office. The blank page can't reply to my discourse. The screen won't reply with an answer or an intervention that will make me see everything from a different perspective. 

Last week I did not make it to Rene's. I feel as if I were to see him tomorrow. I won't. It's Sunday. 

Yesterday, while Catherine was here, I received a call. I reviewed the first numbers to check for the origin of the caller. In a couple of rings, the in app I have let me know that it was the veterinary. The caller confirmed the place and told me their records show that my pet had an appointment for a vaccine. 

This is Mrs Sofia, right? 

Was my voice not convincing? Was he just confirming? 

Wednesday I'll see Rene and will be able to say to him all the things that have happened. The several times that Catherine had to cancel. The ideas of uselessness and ineptitude that fill me with self-loathing. I feel alone. I feel miserable. I feel frustrated and trapped. 

Yesterday in Catherine's car I shared with her some of my anxiety. There are lots of steps and things to do. I can't do none of them yet. I can't even start. 

Today I got up and almost begged Nymeria to stay in bed. I feel tired, exhausted. Remembering that my days are empty just makes it worse. I ate my breakfast and took my pills. I haven't refilled the dispenser. I know one of the medications will run out this week. Will I buy them or will ask my mom for help? 

Nymeria just left my feet and got herself to her box. 

What was it that made me cry today? What was the reason now? 

Gabriela shared a post on her Facebook. She placed a heart stating support for the idea in the pictures. "The closet is for clothes" was the name of the page that posted originally. I am not subscribed to it but I am familiar with its nature. It's one of those pages of LGBT support. The pictures followed the same theme: "Not all women..." Not all of them... us? ...

Not all women are skinny, not all women are feminine, not all women shave.

Not all women have a vagina. 

I know better than to read the comments. It's not the first time that I see and read the ignorant and hateful and dismissive thoughts of the people. I am not unfamiliar with what most, no, several people might think of people like me. 

It being a support place, an lgbt place threw me guard. 

The same arguments. How is not natural, how they... we are sick. Men confused or who want to be woman. Feeling like a helicopter, like an animal, like being taller, like being of other race... Woman are born that way. Chromosomes are unchangeable. Why don't we accept our bodies like they are? We are just perpetuating gender stereotypes. 

And then, the most hurtful. I can take the hateful people, the religious or ignorant. But these ones, these who state first how they accept us, we should be able to do whatever we want or wear or look as we desire... but we're not men nor women. We are trans, not women. We'll never be women. We're different. 

We're people, but not like them. 

We're not really people. We're less. We're thrash and worthless. 

And then I think, what does it matter changing my name in a piece of paper? What use will there be for getting a fixed birth certificate and changing my documents? Why do I want it? Will it make me more of a woman? 

No. It will just help me hide myself. I don't want to fix the papers and documents so everything's in line. I want them so I can shut up and hide this part of me. I want to erase Ivan and not having to mention that history or let anyone know...

That's why it hurts so much that there are several steps even before starting with the procedure. 

It doesn't matter that I move to a foreign city. I'll have to take a new id there and let them know I'm trans. When I find a place, the tenants will have to know and be ok with me being trans. The university will know my past and nature and will have to accept me anyway. My neighbors will probably now, my potential grad school mates and teachers. 

Everyone will know. I'll be visible, exposed. It'll be the same as here. Except I'll be alone and vulnerable.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-03
Words:   827
Minutes: 29

"Sofia Way"marks the souvenir that Catherine holds in the picture she just sent me. 

She has returned from her trip to Six Flags. I could not get up in the morning. I fed Nymeria by seven as I usually do. My mother hadn't left still. We both returned to bed. I felt tired. There are fractures of snaps of the dream I awoke from. 

"You will hate me after not buying it for you" 

No, of course not. Nymeria is playing at the back of my chair. She's so young. Three months ago she didn't even exist. Even when I posted my secret online and came out to the world she wasn't even born yet. Two days after that she came to the world. A month later would I go to Mexicali and meet her. Two more weeks later would she come. And here she is. She's not my first pet, but it's the first one that I really care about. 

Why can't I take the thought of her leaving out of my head? I see her running and playing, I hear the little bell on her collar and feel the warmth of her white fur brushing my legs as she pass by. Will I miss those things when she'll be gone? Will she go in years? Months? Just today did I start to thing about December. 

For a lot I was afraid and nervous about how would Christmas be. Would my relatives behave strangely? How would I feel, how would I dress and present? 

I've been to Mexicali, I've presented myself to them and everything was alright. I have nothing to worry about in that sense. How about Nymeria? Will I leave her her? Will we take her with us? Catherine said that by then she might take care of her for me those days. So sure, I might have a solution. In the vet clinic there is a service of sitting, as well. 

But, what about months later, when I, hopefully, leave for the capital? Will she stay? Will she miss me as Muñeca would miss Catherine? 

At the same time I want her to both miss me and not. I don't want her to suffer, but I love the idea about somebody caring that much for me. I thought It would be awkward or uncomfortable when they refer to me as her mother, and yet, I feel this weirdly tingle inside. 

I was nervous at the beginning of the day. I showered at noon and prepared everything before leaving and taking her to her appointment with the veterinary. They had called me in the weekend. 

I usually feel bad because of having nothing to do, and yet, today that I had plans, they made me nervous and uncomfortable. Like the last time I took her, a strange anxiety accompanied me the whole way there. It was as if it were me the one who was going to be pricked. 

I brought her to my lap, She's resting between cries. Maybe she wants off. I'm putting her down. She has gone to her bed and jumped over the t-shirt I placed in there for her. Her head lies over the little dog Luis gave her. She was tired. 

I told Catherine just now not to wait for me. She was up before dawn. An hour ago she got to her house.She went to Six flags with Anahi, Anahi's cousin and Xennia. It was weird seeing the picture of Catherine and Xennia by Batman sides. The have some faint resemblance. I was just a child and I liked Xennia. What did I see in her. 

In jr high, I was infatuated with her. It was a childish fixation. I knew her since we both were fours years old. I saw her. Did the thought of seeing her as my double ever crossed my mind? We looked nothing alike, and yet I saw us similarly. Later Jessica would take her place. She was my "sister". Jessica wanted me, she kissed me once and I never reciprocated. 

I remember the fantasies where I put myself in their places. 

In elementary school, maybe the last year, there was a time when we always were together. We exchanged my tamagotchi. Every time the professor asked us to group by pairs, we would end up together. 

And then I did something, I said something or asked for something or confessed something, and we went apart. We stopped talking. It was as if we didn't know each other. 

Did I felt then what I feel now with Monica? 

I used to fantasize how years later would we reunite and we'd be so much different and grown. And I see her now in that picture with Catherine, my girlfriend, and I look at Xennia and I see nothing but past and stories yesteryears. 

Will it ever come a time when I will feel the same way when I stumble upon a Monica's picture? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-04
Words:   759
Minutes: 19

The days keep running. Today is October fourth. When was it that I checked the updates of the feeds of webcomics? Was it more than three days ago? 

Nymeria is running around like mad. Maybe it's just a rush of energy. Earlier I took my phone and looked the pictures from when I met her, the time when she was just a little puppy. She's grown so much. She barks and runs and comes to me when I call her.  

Tomorrow I'll see Catherine and I'll see Rene. 1pm, I think, is when I have the appointment. A week ago I ought to cancel because the water was out. I could not shower and I dared not to go out. Will I talk about it? What if he charges me the lost consult? I've never had to pay him double before. There was just another time that I cancelled less than 24 hours from our appointment. 

It was a Thursday, or was it Wednesday? It was when we went to the Mental Hospital in the early morning to take our class there. After the class I would return home and have a couple hours until getting to therapy. This time I was giving a ride to Catherine and Anahi. We saw Marlene drive past us. I made some stupid joke about defending my manliness, so I stepped on the gas to catch up with her. Now, in hindsight, the comment is kind of ironic. 

Talking and playing I did not notice the warnings about the bump. No, it was not a bump, the opposite of that. The front tires fell and the hit made the car jump. We all were fine. There was no damage but a broken hose of the radiator. The anti-freeze fluid spilt all under. When I stopped after having smoke come out of the hood, the first thing I did was to call Rene. 

I told him I would not be able to get there. I think I said nothing about the crash. Maybe I did. It wasn't until I set that, that I called my father for help. 

Catherine will go to the dr tomorrow. She told me that she'd pick me up in the early morning. She hasn't gotten out of her shift. It was 7, I guess, when she got out on her thirty minute break. She will pick me later in the morning. She can go fix the problem of her phone service while I am in session. 

Have I thought what will I talked with Rene? I try to recall the issues with the last weeks and I came upon a wall. 

I've been feeling alone and inept. I've been fighting with these thoughts and emotions that bring me down. 

Is this depression? Is this dysphoria? Is this just a shitty time?

I've been watching South Park. Someone from Telnor called today to give some information about this new service they're offering. He talked about this new number of emergency and my mind ran to the new 911. He addressed me since the very beginning of the call as miss. At first I thought it would be like any of those other calls that they give their information and just hang up. 

This time no, he said the number and asked me to confirm it. He asked the relation I have to Jose Luis, the titular of the line. I said I was his daughter. I gave him my full name. When he asked I said Sofia Fernandez. When he asked for the second last name, a sudden rush of anxiety flashed through my spine. What if it was official, what if somehow he realizes I am lying? 

Am I lying? Is this why I feel desperation to change the papers? I hate the sensation that my name is a lie, that is not mine. 

But it's not. It's not official. 

Catherine had to cancel last week, it was Sunday. Did we go out last weekend? What did I do the weekend? 

Why is it so hard to remember? 

I don't think I'll be writing the short story for the contest. When I read the poster I thought about sending several and I've written none. 

I haven't updated the resume. I thought about writing the actual one with my name but I can't. I have to put the official one, the one they'll know me by in the application process. 

Lots of things to go through, lots of steps. High, difficult and painful steps. 

Will freedom finally come after everything? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-05
Words:   765
Minutes: 61

I'll start the words early. I'm in the living room seeing Nymeria biting and pushing her flower pillow around. Is she playing or is she just as frustrated as I am? 

We didn't agree on a plan yesterday. Catherine went to sleep and I watched some episodes of South Park in the tablet. I remember fragments of the dreams that intercepted the flashes of consciousness in the middle of the night. It had been long since I dreamed as a man with no mention or thought about being trans. There was something about a school. In most of my late dreams the concurrent theme is that I'm a grown student still in school. In this one my voice was deep and the trying of speaking was tiring on its own. 

Something about a teacher or a test and its grades. Later something chaotic happened. A storm, maybe? I went out and found Jessica, Chevo's Jessica. I got into the other building and met my "friend". Except it wasn't Eusebio. Sergio. From where is that name? Did his face match the person I know? I haven't known of him in years. Does he know of me? The last time I saw him I was walking with Monica by my side and wanted to be recognized because of the pride I felt having her by my side. 

He finished or is studying Graphic design. He went to a summer abroad in Prague. He learned english in Canada. Why did I dream about him? 

I talked with Catherine when my alarm sang. It was early. She hadn't gotten up either. Could we postpone? Maybe she could pick me up later. I felt an uneasy feeling, like a premonition of another cancellation. 

We didn't cancel. She did pick me up. In fact she was waiting outside when I got out of the bathroom. We went to AT&T near the River Plaza. 

I got distracted seeing the site of renting and roommates from the DF. There are several options with a huge range of prices, from the cheaper ones at two thousand to the more expensive ones near the ten K. 

That's the reason I returned early. From the plaza near the cell center, she drove us to the sam's one. Where she park was closer to the booths than the stairs. I got down and remembered the time when I got my first kiss. I decided to not mention anything. We walked to Rene's. He didn't charge me the missed session. He asked me to enter early. 

The session was hard. I cried most of it. I'm desperate and frustrated. My plans are founded on clouds. What if I don't get to the university? Why don't I move earlier than the application process? My parents will help me anyway, won't they? Do I count on them for helping me? I remember my father comment of how he would not maintain me on another city. 

Will I be alone? I counted on Catherine, I was afraid of her not getting in and letting me go. Now, if I go earlier, what would happen? 

It was a hard session. I got out with more doubts than the ones I got in. He told me to actually have plans, not see them far away. What if I don't get in? When will I go? 

What other options besides the capital do I have? 

I can ask for asylum in Canada. I might marry Catherine and fix the papers. No. Catherine would not marry me. Is that why I had that faint but dangerous feeling that I can't count on her? 

It's unfair to expect her to marry me. I love her, she does love me. 

Could, should I look for a job? Should I send the so thought e-mail to the SER NGO that gives trans care? Can I ask them for a job or a volunteer option? 

I thought again about the course, the MMPI course that I considered giving. I have the worksheet. I've graded it. I know it. 

Would people really be interested to take it? How much can I charge? 

Looking at the renting site gave me a short-lived peace of mind. There are postings cheap enough to be practical. I read the bio of the ones offering and there is even an option for looking to rooms that are welcome to LGBT people. 

Still, I didn't get to mention it in session, but I just remembered that even in the LGBT community, I might not be totally welcome. 

Where, where in this world will I ever be? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-06
Words:   776
Minutes: 31

I am afraid I'm having suicide ideation again. 

I got up to feed the dog and feel this imminent and heavy load on top of my chest. I returned to bed and tried to sleep again. Lately she's been easier to stay in bed after urinating and, sometimes, pooping. I got up not much later knowing that I won't be falling asleep easily if I stay in bed. Catherine would enter after noon. In the morning she got ready. 

After seeing the renting site yesterday I stayed with the idea of the city and the possibilities of going and surviving. I looked at a job sites, it was just the intention of knowing the job market and situation in there. Are there much of offerings for people in my field? Are there some research positions? Human resources? Psychologists? 

I had the price ranges of the site in mind when looking the salaries. My mood took a dive. I was falling non-stop to the dark pit that I used to call home. 

Was Catherine out already of her shift when we talked? I just mentioned how I was seeing the job offerings and feel inept when seeing that the experience I have doesn't fit to what they're looking for. I searched for CV templates so I can finally upgrade mine. There is no point in putting my name in the applications if none of my papers are changed. The university one, too, will have to be named under my legal name. 

It's like a short chain that keeps my hands tied to my feet. I can't move and my back is aching. 

I need to change my name to apply for a job, but I need to move the capital to change my name, but I need a job to move to the capital. 

Catherine's support was disheartening. 
 
"Didn't you make the little chicken, son?", I ignored her. I just heard the word and stayed quiet and continuing writing. She called my attention calling me Sofi. Catherine told me before how I could say something, correct them. What's the point?

I told her before entering her shift that I was stressed and tired. She asked me if I knew the reason. Of course I know. When does it lessens? Since yesterday, never. It's been a continuing curve of distress and worry. I am afraid. I feel hopeless. 

I told her how It's so real now. I will have to endure it all by myself. 

"You don't know that" 
"I don't know what?" 
"Well... Nevermid" 
"You're entering now... I'm afraid of ending whoring myself" 
"I thought that to the master we would go together, but yesterday you were thinking of leaving January. You won't end up doing it" 

Then she got in and four hours later got out. 

I am sitting down after looking for Nymeria. A lump is stuck in my throat and my eyes start to water. It's like my heart is slowing down and skipping beats. Every heartbeat hurts and is stronger than the last. 

She asked me if I would consider working in a call center. Would I? Would I really? I doubt it and the mere thought stabbed me like a dagger. She mostly focused and talking with my parents. Actually consulting them on what could happen, if they would support me. 

Yesterday thinking about telling her about my dad almost made me cry again outside Rene's. How can I ask my dad for support when he directly told me No six years ago? Would it be validating his fears letting him know that I am not able to ask for a job interview in my situation? 

"I know telling yo to start working is too much, I know you would have to do it as Ivan" 
"Then why are you doing it? 

I almost begged her to stop. I couldn't take it. 

"Because if you start to work you would start to solve plans", she kept on with an audio and more messages. 

"...I don't know what else to tell you" 

"Don't say anything, don't talk to me" 

She sent another audio. "Really?... Ok" 

"You're not helping me. You're making me feel worse. I'd rather die than go back to be Ivan for another six months." 

I don't know what to do. I don't know if I can take it. I am scared. I can't do it. It's too much, I am not alone, but why don't I feel otherwise? Why is it so hard for me to ask for help? 

Do I? Do I really prefer to die? 

Will that be the only option before being homeless and turning to prostitution? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-07
Words:   760
Minutes: 69

What is it of these last days? I did not send the e-mail to the editor who asked for freelancer writers. 

I had the pictures of the contact of the recruiters for the call centers. Last night, when I was in bed I could not fall asleep. I kept thinking about the courses I could offer. I know the supplement scales, and I have the spreadsheet to grade them. I know other tests that they don't teach in the university. The inventory on anxiety, the one of self-perception... When I thought about them an idea came to my head. I could post on the group of the university how when grading an MMPI manually I made myself a spreadsheet to save me from using the transparencies. Would that be something they'd be interesting in buying? The spreadsheet alone would be almost incomprehensible. But maybe they'd be interested, in a coursework? Those scales are not seen in the university. 

How many of them would take the course? I could get an idea of the number of people that might take it. I thought about checking the capacity of the conference room in Cupsi. After another hour of turning in the sheets I grabbed my phone and logged into the site. There is an advert promoting the services of Cynthia. Several hours were taken. When I tried looking for the big one, I could not find it. It's not offered anymore. And then, the plan I had, the solution that I could follow instead of resigning to look for a temporal job and another months hiding in the rotten persona that is Ivan, was over. 

What else could I do? In what other way could I offer it? 

It's been hours since I started and I am not even by half. 

Was it after or before the realization that I thought about the pitches I could offer the editor? It was before. I asked Catherine if she thought I was weak, vulnerable. I told her how I couldn't help but wonder why would anybody read what I can say. 

"From everyone our age, you are the smartest person I know. I love what you write, for school and yourself." 

What were the ideas? I could write about my own experience, personal and intimate essays. Or I could write about more technical and informative topics. 

The first pride I went to, all the process from crossing the border in boy mode, to putting on feminine clothes for the first time outside, to getting to the actual parade, the break of silence in honor of the fallen trans brothers and sisters who have ended their lives, to the culmination of pride, the acceptance of knowing that who I am is something to be proud of. 

I could talk about the stages of coming out, first to myself, to my partner soon to be ex, to my closest friends, to my mom, to my family and finally to the world. 

I thought how writing about those things and putting my name on those could not be a perfectly good idea. Do I really want my personal information online? Something as private as talking about the first time I wore feminine clothes outside a hotel room, or how I told my love ones that I was trans. 

The other subjects I could talk about, more impersonal, less dangerous to publish, could be talking about the difference between dysphoria and dysmorphia. How being transgender is not the same thing as being delusional or dysmorphic, the difference between wanting to cut off an arm to a penis. The double dysphoria, how depression and dysphoria might go hand in hand and worsen each other off. The pros and cons of Informed Consent and the Gatekeeping of the formal route.

Somewhen after those thoughts I fell asleep. Did I dream something? Was this night when I dreamed again of my ex? Another reunion and truce? Coming out of the dream but still in another one, I thought how it would be impossible to talk, to mention it, to ask. 

I read today, another chapter of the book that I can't seem to finish. 

Catherine has her permit now. She went to do her test and passed it on her first try. I opened the files of the resumes but have not written anything on anyone. Tomorrow we might go the United States. In the evening we will go to the reunion in Paola's house. A six of beers and bag of chips. 

Andrea will be invited, will she say something? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-08
Words:   760
Minutes: 0

Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating Cheating 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-09
Words:   1518
Minutes: 43

Yesterday I cheated. I maybe could had done them, but decided not to. The last plan was that Catherine would come pick me up and we would return in her car or I could take a uber if I'd prefer to stay. 

Word is almost out of its license term. We were going to go to the United States to buy a new yearly license and other stuff. My dad didn't buy breakfast. I got up early and showered after him. My mother and my father renewed the license online. My mother decided to stay home with my grandma and Nymeria. My brothers and father crossed the border. It was a little uncomfortable going on the copilot seat. My father didn't addressed me in the old name or used masculine pronouns. My fingernails were painted red and my clothes were feminine. When I got out of the house my mother asked me if I were not going to paint my mouth. My lips were already painted in the light color. 

I didn't want to correct her. The crossing border patrol made no questions or comments about me or my appearance. He asked were would we be going and doing and he let us go. 

Where did we go from there? We ate at Denny's. When we got there we were seated by someone who wasn't serving. Was he a manager? He had this earpiece and was busy doing some other things. The waitresses were busy with other tables and we were left ignored. Was it because of me? 

Finally a busboy came and said he could take the order of our drinks while a waitress got free. He spoke in spanish. When he turned from my father to me, he stopped himself mid-word. Was he going to say sir? Was he going to say miss? His face was of surprise. Not much time later the waitress return and asked us again. 

We went to Target and I bought several things. From a plate and food for Nymeria to a bralette and a hoodie. I bought a blouse, a long tunic but it's too big. I look like a child wearing her parent's clothes. 

We went to a Hot Topic store and a Best buy. It was fun being with my brothers, the three of us teasing and laughing. I asked Luis about how he was going to buy a purse, and why he didn't take it. He said my father told him people would make fun of him, mock him for wearing it. He said it should not matter, he has the right to wear or use whatever he wants. And everybody respects him anyway because he can solve a rubik's cube. 

We stopped by Taco Bell, before coming home. 

I showed Catherine what I bought. She said she was uncomfortable thinking about her clothes. She wanted to go but skip all about getting ready. 

I changed clothes and was unsure about what to wear. It wasn't cold enough but it wasn't that hot either. I wanted to look feminine, Andrea and her boyfriend had not seen me after I came out publicly. I was nervous about them, their comments, their reactions. 

I felt I could not ask for Catherine's help. I was ready so I offered Catherine to pick her up and return in uber, like we had planned before. She said yes so I had no time to finish the words. We were on our way home in the Freeway when in the group conversation Paola asked if someone could pick her up. I told Catherine to offer her a ride. 

She accepted and we all stopped in a Calimax in my neighborhood. We bought beer and chips. She grabbed a bottle of Black Tears for Chevo. 

Before leaving the house I asked my dad to move the Pick up. I had first told him how Catherine would pick me up so he was a little confused. I explained I'd be bringing her here and we would take an uber. "Or could you give us a ride?" 

He agreed. 

Catherine told Paola that he would fear my Dad. He's intimidating and looks angry. 

He greeted them and we put our stuff in the back. He drove us and left us in Paola's house. He asked me if I would want him to pick me up, but I said no. He waited for us to enter the house and then left. 

Andrea and Rafa were already there. 

"It's been a lot since the last time I see you" she told Catherine when she hugged her. "well, the two of you", she completed when she saw me in the neutral masculine way. 

It was... hard. When they later referred to me as Ivan, it confirmed my anxiety. I was worried they'd be doing it all night. I felt self-conscious. Didn't I look different enough? Was I too manly? 

Luckily, after everyone kept talking about me in the feminine and by my name, they caught up. When Paola's boyfriend came, no one said anything about me. Paola introduced me as Sofia. He greeted me by a kiss in the cheek. Does he know? Does Paola's sister? 

Was my voice not too obvious?
 
We smoked hookah and drank. We played beer pong and Fuck you and a game Chevo introduced which you had to put a table tennis ball into a cup before the other cup came to you. We had lots of fun. 

Paola is officially in a relationship now. I felt more attached to everyone of them. I remember when we all hang out in the university I could not get this feeling away of being two groups of friends interacting. I sat beside Paola and she called my name and hit me in the leg when I teased her. 

Paola was the first one to leave. Then Andrea and her fiance. They said good bye using my name and he even kissed my cheek. 

A little after two in the morning we left. There was an issue with the uber. He waited for us in the other street. 

Paola used my phone to set it all right. 

He picked us up and took me home. She got to hers not much later. 

I dreamed with Paola. Maybe the sudden feeling of closeness was a thought that stayed in my mind when I fell to sleep. I put on my pajamas and lied down while Catherine went to her room. I put Nymeria on my legs, we both were falling asleep. She was awake in her box when I got into my room. 

A couple hours later I saw her walking on my side in the bed. Both of us had fallen asleep. 

In the morning I fed her and felt nauseous still. The room spun around. I tried to stay sleeping but it was hard with her barking. 

I ate breakfast and took my pills. I haven't sorted the ones for the next week. I downloaded a trial for a week of Photoshop and Illustrator. I haven't updated the resume nor talked to my parents about my plans. 

I did ask my dad yesterday in the united states the prices of the rent in the capital and my thoughts about selling the jetta. I didn't say I wanted to use the money to maintain myself the first months there. I don't recognize what is it that scares me. Does he know my intentions of actually being in Mexico city?

I could make two hundred and fifty more words to reach the limit, to fill the quota that I missed yesterday. 

I have more visible stubble. Even now after just a day of shaving I can see the black little hairs on my moustache and chin and even my cheeks. There is a promotion on the laser place where if you buy more than three sessions they give you a 50% discount. I used a similar deal for buying four sessions. I could use three this time, but I don't have the money. Should I tell them I am trans? Do they have to know? 

I've been five months on hormones now. one hundred and seventy days today. In two weeks I'll have been on them for half a year. Do I look different enough? 

Am I content with how I look? 

Yesterday my mom told me how Jessica is upset because I have more bust than her. "I use fillings, too". But I don't. 

My bras are a little small on the cup now. I bought another one yesterday but it doesn't fit right. The band is too tight, even on the furthest hook. 

I hope is colder soon so I can wear coats and hoodies. I am more comfortable covering my body. 

There are some flea bites on my feet and legs. Days before I found two bug bites on my left thigh. Today I found another one on my right. 

The little red balls on my feet are itching. The rash I had on my elbow is dry now. Will it heal? 

Will I heal? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-10
Words:   773
Minutes: 35

Nymeria is under me, she's playing with her snake. I am watching South Park on the tv in the living room. The episode right now is the one where the gang is on a school news show and is being cancelled because of a more popular show. I've seen it already. I can focus on writing and just hear the conversations of the first half that I didn't see. 

Catherine was here earlier. Just half an hour ago she left. 

I didn't remember when was it that we had plan for her to come. 

In the morning I woke up near seven when Nymeria woke up and asked for food. She didn't let me sleep after that and I decided to get up anyway and came to the living room. I lied on the couch and ate my breakfast before taking my pills. In a couple of weeks I'll be turning six months on hormones. 

I put South Park and let Nymeria fall asleep on my lap. The first and only episode finished and my eyes were closing. They felt so heavy that it was tiring keeping them open. I woke Nym up and took her to her box and put myself on bed. I fell asleep not much later. I know I dreamed several things. Was my dad on them? Was Catherine? 

I remembered them when I woke up. 

Last night I put several books on my waiting list in Amazon. Most of them were of Trans themes. Am I really interested in reading them? Did I made progress yesterday? No, it was before that. Lately I haven't opened it. The folder of the CV templates is still unopened and the countdown of the trial keeps getting smaller. 

I stopped the episode and put the next one. I recognized the moment when they go to the pharmacy to buy the cough syrup so they can get ideas. The next one is the one with Paris Hilton and the contest of whoring with Mr Slave. 

This is the next one. I haven't seen it. 

I slept while Nymeria got up and my grandma fed her. I kept dreaming and resting. I got up after noon and I had a message of Catherine that she was showering. 

I got ready. I put out a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. I wore the black bralette that I bought this weekend. I decided not to put any make up on. After just a shower I still felt comfortable with my face. 

Catherine got here after some minutes. She sent me a message asking me what to bring. I told that she didn't have to bring anything but her cute little toochie. She told me that she could pass to the Oxxo before coming here. I came to her car and we drove down. We bought a bag of tostitos and a bottle of clamato. 

In here we saw an episode of Luke Cage and ate chicken and rice. We were in the couch watching the last parts of the episode when I started brushing her thigh under her dress with the tip of my fingers. I told her how in the morning, while I was watching television I let my hand slip into my pajama pants and started caressing the tip of my sex. 

Sex... Why didn't I type penis? Don't I dare to call it by its name? Before, there were moments when I called it clitoris. She called it that way as well... When was it when she mentioned me her doubts about that and how should she refer to my genitals. 

She told me that she felt that kind of urges, too, but she did satisfy them. We both thought about going to my bedroom like before. I don't remember who was the one that actually mentioned it. 

The episode finished and we went there. We kissed and touched each other. She was wearing a black dress and just after I thought it she mentioned that I should be wearing another one. I mentioned I could change and after considering she agreed. I put on the gray one she gave to me and let her see me in my new underwear. 

We had sex, she was touching me when I warned her that I'd be coming soon. Nothing came out. It's a month and a half since I had an orgasm. 

We kept doing it and I made her finish. 

We watched Mean Girls until my family arrived. 

She brought the formats and tests. I can sort them according to their type and pass and scan the ones that correspond to us. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-11
Words:   855
Minutes: 68

Am I in an endless nightmare? 

I feel trapped in those sorts of dreams where I have a complete different life with other past and worries and I'm terrified of the future. I know I dreamed something. It wasn't in the morning, but at the nap I took at noon. My family kept calling me Ivan and it hurt. I can't remember the rest. Some sort of conferences and halls with chairs. 

It wasn't important. 

Will I wake up now? And all of these worries and problems won't be important, I won't even be able to remember after a couple of hours of being awaken. 

In less than two weeks I'll be turning 6 months. Am I different enough? Is that a good or a bad thing? 

I finished grouping the formats of my part time job. I do have a part time job, more of a freelancing gig. I have something to do, even though I don't do nothing. I have opened the Curriculum templates but have filled none of them. 

One of the applications has been up. The master of neurobiology is the one. Will I apply to that one? I don't need letters of recommendation and that means I could avoid going for teachers and dealing with asking for and reading letters of Ivan's achievements and skills. 

I can't even get to half of the words. 

It's monday and I haven't sent the e-mail to the editor who asked for trans writers. Will I do that? Or will it be another passed opportunity? 

Yesterday I talked with Catherine. I mean, we talk everyday but there was something different this time. Today we haven't talked much. I don't feel like it. In the bathroom I considered breaking up. Am I mad? Am I angry? No. Then what is it? What happened? 

She told me how her parents were sleeping in different beds. They've been fighting lately and she's sick o it. I asked her how would she react if they got a divorce. They haven't been married for more than a month and they're already sleeping in different beds. 

"I've seen them together, married by the civil, now by the church, and things don't change, doesn't matter the hassle that is marriage. I don't know, I don't feel excitement or illusion. And I know you do, a little." 

She had told me before when I asked her to talk about getting married, filling the papers of immigration. She doesn't want us to get married just because of a green card. She doesn't want it to be just because of convenience. And now she tells me she sees no reason to do it. 

"Then why don't you want to marry me?" 

"Honestly, I think we need to grow before engaging to each other. It's not about age or maturity. But you need to get to know yourself a lot. And I need to accept myself, too. I'm still scared that my family knows I like women, you're still absorbed in yourself and sometimes I feel left behind. With those feelings I don't feel ready to marry you." 

I told her about how it's because she's going to USA and I feel here. I feel trapped and she's one of my keys to get out. She says she wants to be with me, apply to the master and get into it. 

"But if you don't get into it, you can just keep on with your life without me. It hurts that I need you more than you me."

"You have to find your life, without me, without nobody. Even if I go, you'll have to move and start accommodating your life. Here I couldn't come with you everywhere. There is no way for me to guarantee that I'll be with you forever. 
I'm not saying that I don't want to be with you or that I won't. 
It's the truth, we don't know what can happen. In March I had surgery, in January that you made your appointment to the endocrinologist we never thought I'd be recovering from surgery when you would go. 
It hurts, I know you're hurt, but we haven't had a single date without talking about this. 
We don't know what's going to happen, Sofia." 

I read her message and said nothing. What was there to say? What was it that hurt me so much? Is it the fear of being alone? Are the words of Rene resonating in my mind about having a support network and needing to expose myself and ask for help? She's telling me that I can't count on her nor anyone. I have to do this alone. But it is too much for me. I can't.  

I thought about breaking up. Fifteen minutes later she sent another message: 

"I love you. I hug you and am fascinated by your scent, I like feeling you close. I like chatting with you and watch the TV together. I feel comfortable, at peace with you" 

Half an hour later I answered back that I loved her and another half hour later I dreamed again with the ex that left me. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-12
Words:   764
Minutes: 85

My grandmother asked me if I have a picture of Nymeria when she was small and I just bought the flower cushion. I searched in my phone and actually have one from the day I bought the cushion. She's lying on the center, her tiny body barely covering the yellow circle. She was over almost the whole cushion. She's grown. She's changing color, from a recently born white to a cinnamon brown tint. 

What happened today? 

I did not sleep after getting up and serving Nym's breakfast. I returned to bed but she did not let me sleep. I got up. Last night Catherine sent me a text message asking if I love her. I answered yes. I hesitated. What was it? Is the chat about marriage? Is it the feeling of betrayal? What did she do to betray me? She hasn't cancelled her application. She says she wants to, and is going to. I'm projecting all my fears unto her. I'm blaming her for the anxiety of being alone. 

I went to the kitchen and ate the burrito that was wrapped and then made another one with the leftover in the pan. Did I watch television? Did I read? What did I do? 

I showered and got ready for leaving to therapy. I wore the crimson jeans and the gray long-sleeved blouse. I hesitated before putting on make up. It's not about looking feminine, it was doubting about if it was worth it. 

Nymeria barks now when I leave the house. Does she miss me? Does she love me? 

I parked in Sam's parking lot. I keep remembering that time when I wore a gray dress and found Monica and her boyfriend. I won't find her or them when going to therapy. Both of them work for sure. 

I walked the blocks to the building and got into the office. It's the second time that I get in early because of an absent patient before my time. I cried in this session, but what was it? He asked something. It triggered a thought but I can't remember it. 

I did not mention my thoughts about breaking up with Catherine. Last night before sleeping I realized that breaking up would mean losing another best friend. 

I try, and want to, hide who I am. I want to bury down the fact that I am trans and live a normal life. I hate the idea of being discriminated or looked down. I feel that whenever someone, or anyone deny me, I won't have the security to defend my self, who I am. 

I hate this vulnerability and sense of fragility. 

That's when I cried. When I got that thought and let it out of my mouth. 

At work or at school, you can just do that, 'My name is Sofia and I am a trans girl'. 

"Let me give you an advice, bastard. Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like an armor and it can never be used to hurt you." 

He finished the session and asked if the device that was in the couch next to my purse was an ipod. "I thought they don't make them anymore" "They don't, I barely got this one. You have to buy them used." 

I got down the elevator and walked back to my car. There was a malfunction with the parking voucher. 

Getting home Nymeria got out of her box and came to me. I had to punish her in a time out because of her biting the training mat. She is in my room now, probably asleep. 

Lili sent me a text message after returning saying there is an evaluation for this Friday's afternoon. I didn't fill the templates of the resumes but did update mine. I took out several things that I thought useless. Being in the highest places of high school, or exposing an educational software. I took out the autism forum and other stuff... I wanted to take the name out but it has to stay. 

I reviewed the guide of the test. It's simple enough, an analysis of a Wechsler test results, the basic information about neuropsychology and neuroanatomy and neurophysiology and a last section of reading comprehension of english texts. 

The general one is about the stuff I like about psychology, mostly research and methodology.

Why am I worried, then? Why do I keep doubting about which one to choose? Will they answer my e-mail? Catherine is right, maybe I should call, or send another one. 

I have this month to decide.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-13
Words:   751
Minutes: 73

I got an answer about yesterday. I told Catherine last night to wake me up with her and don't let me fall asleep again, nor let me get to when she'd leave for job without sending the e-mails. 

I woke up to feed Nymeria. Catherine was awake already, I guess. Did I dream something? No... In the middle of the night I covered myself from the cold. I failed to stay awake. I made myself breakfast an hour after the first light of the day. I was sitting in the couch watching South Park when she asked me. "Have you sent the e-mails?" 

She was right. There were two, no, three e-mails that I promised I would send. The first one was to actually send the message I had redacted in the contact tab of the Master's site, the second was to post a comment in the comment section of the master in psychology and the third one was to contact the editor about the possibility of sending an article for the trans blog. 

I tried sending the redacted message but it was stuck. Looking at the other site, I scrolled to see the comments, to review the dates of the last ones, when I got to a message that one of its words struck my attention. It mentioned another master and the possibility of applying to both. I read the answers. The first one was a question asking for clarification, did she intend to take both? Or was it with the intention of having a back up plan and picking lastly the chosen one were she accepted on both. 

There was an answer but the question was two years old. I showed Catherine and that was her reply. I grabbed the email under the format of contact and wrote a message on Inbox. I sent it and received an answer a couple of minutes later. An affirmative answer. The system does allow it. 

The answer, as expected as it was, made me more nervous. 

I can apply to both, I can have twice the opportunities of getting into a prestigious master, of achieving my goal. But twice the possibility makes the fail twice as painful. 

I have the guides, the bibliography of one and the content of the other. For one I need the review the things I know, for the other learn what I don't. The thought of driving to the university and studying in the library came to my mind and I actually consider it. Going somewhere, doing something, actually feeling like I am accomplishing something. 

Being able to register now, made me feel anxious. I feel the pressure of it. The first thing I tried to calm it was to look at the dates, the deadlines. I have until January to send the first batch of papers. Then I noticed that I have until December to put my data on their system and register myself. The other application opens by the end of November. The first test will be by the second week of February. 

It's true, everything is close and near. The dates keep passing by like light-posts on a highway. 

It's hard, thinking about everything that I'll endure and do, but at the same time, it's amazing thinking that the changes keep happening and I'll keep looking different. 

That will make things harder, still, but... sigh, it doesn't matter. 

I told my mom when she arrived about the open application and how I can apply to both. "What are we going to do? How are we going to do it? I mean, the trip and staying there... will I stay from the first trip in february for the first test? It's actually cheaper than going and coming." 

She told me to look up the information, the rates of rent and costs and all of that. 

My father was at the table. I mentioned nothing, but I guess my mom did. He looked at me and talked at me, but I did not hear him. Instead of calling my name, he repeated himself. 

"Is the application open?" 

I told him that it was and that I can apply to both. He said nothing more. 

Will I work there? How will I maintain myself while at the same time be able to go to the tests and the different procedures that I want to do. I could look for a part time job in the evenings. Or something in the weekends? 

I don't know. I don't know. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-14
Words:   851
Minutes: 67

Three trans women have been killed in Mexico in the last two weeks. Two were in Mexico City and another inside the country. Just now I read the news about a fourth one. It's just a status update on Facebook, shared on the Trans Forum. I tried to ignore it. Not ignored, but stay skeptical. It could be a false alarm, it said it in the message itself. 

I viewed the forum and stumbled upon the same post of the girl who put a photo of a thin blonde. I suspected it was fake. In her profile there were just pictures of anime and said she was from London. Even after my suspicion I just ignored her. I don't care about meeting anyone in there. I didn't introduce myself when they accepted me. I'm nobody to criticize or judge her. There were new comments in there, several people had the same suspicion and told her to put a real picture. She had commented that she was stalked before so she was cautious. She added a picture "of a friend and me". Under her comment there were a couple of others telling her nowadays it's really easy to do a reverse search of a picture. If she didn't want to show herself, don't put a picture, but not put a fake one. 

I told Catherine about the incidents with Nymeria. Today she pooped and it was kind of liquid, runny. I took a piece of glass out of her mouth. Yesterday, or in the week, Liliana told us about an evaluation. I took it. Catherine has a job already. She picked me up at 4. I saw my patient. Arantza, she's a 21 year old girl who is in because of a depression. She has suicidal ideation already. She tried once already when she was intoxicated. 

From there we ate in River Plaza. 

I dreamed with Monica again, and couldn't help to think about seeing her somewhere in there. Catherine and I ate Ramen in the Food Garden. We walked to some stores and shopped around. She brought me home and Nymeria welcomed me by the door. She was different, something about her. It seemed like she shat just fine, not runny like earlier. She wasn't excited or hyperactive, it was something else, weird. 

I changed the training pads because they were full. She growled at me and threw bites at my ankles. I remember Muñeca's attacks the first times I were to Catherine's house. I was upset. She's my dog, my puppy, she loved me and came looking for me. Why was she behaving like this? 

I tried to put the new pads and tape them to the floor, but she ran at the tapes trying to take them off. I closed the room with her inside to put the one in the living room. She stayed there. When I returned to change clothes, she bit me again but this time it really hurt. Unintentionally I kicked the pain away and she flew a couple of feet almost hitting the closet. 

After opening the door, she went to Luis and I heard him saying "No, Nymeria, not there", I thought it was her biting the pad but they were apart from it. I told her not to bite him and approached them. She bit my big toe and I hit her with the roll of newspaper. She squeaked and cried, a lot calmer and lie down on the cushion. 

I felt sad and guilty. It was something I oughted to do. It had to be done. She tried going upstairs several times so I shut her in my room. 

She's in there right now, quiet. Probably she is asleep now. 

I've been writing the words for almost an hour now and I can't seem to finish. I have something to do now. I have a patient, I have two tests to study for and a book to finish. 

There was an update on the post about the fourth trans victim. She wasn't dead but in critical condition. She was shot by some people in a gray Audi. 

Four people in two weeks. Three in the city I am trying to live in. 

I can't stay in this country, I am in danger. But I am trapped. How can I get out? I told Catherine and mentioned the asylum detention centers. If I go to Canada, I won't be able to see my family again. 

She asked me if it was something I suppose or I had read about it. I looked it up and it was true. In the United States at least, an asylum-permit can be revoked if there is evidence that the person put itself on danger of being persecuted again. 

I told her. And then I saw, Canada uses detention centers, too. There are lots of news and pages talking about the Human Rights breaches in those places, and I felt sick. 

"I understand, she told me" 

I felt rage. No, you don't. 

You're not trans, you have citizenship, how would you understand?

She said nothing but  :/ 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-15
Words:   768
Minutes: 30

"Have you heard the song? Joaquin Sabina, he has a song called "Black tights", like yours", it was a little awkward but I found it charming. I knew the song, of course. That might have to do with it. I'm hearing it right now. Did I know it because of my ex? 

I thought I knew The Beatles because of her, but that's not exactly true. My father had asked me to burn him a disc with the compilation of their discography. Even before that, a classmate in middle school was a fan, he sang the songs and knew their history. I already recognized and were familiarized with Paul's Yesterday. 

I dreamed several things but remember scarcely anything. In one of my dreams I had people over, Eusebio and Jessica, and Paolas, as well. I don't remember seeing Monica in there. There were plates of different kinds of food, and there were cards, too, like a type of game. I don't remember seeing any alcohol. It wasn't really this house. Was it in Mexicali? There were other people. Some relatives came and did or said something. Paola S asked if all my family was like that. With "that" she was referring as something like rude or obnoxious. One of them heard and answer back that of course not. They were the good ones. 

I explained how they weren't that close, they were the daughters of the brother of my grandma. 

Just yesterday I mentioned Catherine how I don't usually dream with her. When I said that I was thinking about the last dream with my ex. 

Even now, why can't I let her go? I see Nymeria in my room, running towards her bed, and wandering sniffing the floor. She goes to grab one of her toys, but stops just before reaching it. She grabs her giraffe and comes to me with her toy on her mouth. She climbs the stairs and stays there. And I watch her and feel so many new emotions. I want to brag about her, show her off. I think about telling all about my dog, my puppy to her. Like those times. 

But she's dead. No, she's not. She's different. I'm different, too. And the past is gone. 

I returned to bed after breakfast by noon. I let Nymeria climb the bed and put her over my legs. We both fell asleep and I dreamed some other things. 

Catherine and I had plans of seeing each other in the US after her work shift. I asked her several times in the morning for confirmation. Finally we decided to cancel it. There is no point, the public transport runs fewer times on Sunday and she'll be tired and time will be scarce. 

Next week, probably Monday, I'll go to the library in the university. I do want to study, and actually going and spending on gas might motivate me to not lose my time. 

I haven't signed up in the system of the application. Am I scared, nervous? Catherine is right. I am smart, I have good possibilities of doing well on the test and getting in. 

Luis asked me if I liked going to Six Flags, if I'd go again were the entrance paid off. I told him no. He asked why and I replied asking him why, will he go? I thought maybe he wanted me to go with him. 

He said he won't, he doesn't like big rides. "When will it be?" "Next year, October" 

"I won't be here by then... I'll be in Mexico City" and I dared to say it with the security of it being a fact. I said the words out loud as if I were not afraid of cursing my luck. I saw his face and felt guilt. Will I leave him alone? Will I leave Nymeria alone? 

What if they need me? 

What if I need them? 

I will talk with my mom about asking for some money to pay the next laser sessions. Yesterday I shaved to meet my patient and just 24 hours after I already have a black shadow. 

My father said Ivan in a really low voice handing me the money of my week. "Did you say something back?", asked Catherine when I told her. 

No, I didn't. Will I? I took the money, I need it. As soon as I got yesterday's pay I spent it on a date. 

"Do research on the rent and those things, we'll see how we'll deal with it" I don't have to go through everything alone. 

Well, yes, but not totally. 

I hope. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-16
Words:   767
Minutes: 74

I have things to do again. My to-do list doesn't have to be empty anymore. Last week, I just remembered, I filled some entries on Wunderlist. Haven't I done anything or did I just forgot? 

What is this that I am feeling right now? Is it irritability or sorrow? Am I sad or angry? 

I opened YouTube in my tablet as I was lying on bed. Was I looking for something specific? No, I saw in Facebook a picture of Victoria shared by Paloma. I remembered about her procedure of updating her passport. I got into her profile and read the status update of the three transfeminicides that Catherine told me about. The comments were disconcerting. I don't really understand how can they still affect me. I should be accustomed to them by now. They don't say nothing new. 

From there I went to the YouTube app and looked her on the search bar. I didn't end on one of her videos. She appeared on the evening news from one of the biggest tv channels of the country. The comments were worse and yet the same. I know them by heart I could categorize them in different types. There are the obvious "trolls" who comment with the sole intention of enraging people, thinking themselves as funny. Then, there are the ones who think they're being respectful and tact, just stating their "personal opinions". They're the first one to get defensive and saying how the LGBT people are the intolerant ones attacking them for asking questions. There are supporters who comment stating how they see the first sane ones or they "respect" their insights and courage of defending "the obvious". Others are the loving supporters who come defending the community. 

I don't think I can remember about a single comment that has make me feel better or make the action of reading the comments worth. 

Today I slept two hours after Nymeria's breakfast. I was in the living room when my dad left and arrived with the Carl's jr meals and the tacos. 

I took the pills. The dispenser is empty. I have no need to go to the pharmacy still. Another day passed and I made no mention of the laser session. Last night I thought about them. I thought about grabbing the phone and calling and setting the appointment in his name. Would I need to consciously make my voice more masculine? How would I go dressed? Would it be uncomfortable, bearable? 

Should I come out to them? It's not like men going to depilating their beard is something really common. 

Maybe they noticed since the very beginning. Who knows? 

Tomorrow I'll go pick up Catherine's patient's file. After that I can make use of the shower and clean change of clothes and go to the library to test the idea of studying in an external place. Tuesday I will take Nymeria to the vet. I told Catherine that I will pick her up with Nymeria and stop at the vet on my way home. From here I can drive her wherever we'll go. 

Wednesday I'll see Rene again and Friday I'll meet my patient for the first round of tests. 

I don't feel nervous anymore. I do, but not about her. Does it make a difference if she clocks me? 

Nymeria is lying on her cushion beside my feet. I left her home, alone in my room for most part of the afternoon. I mopped the floor of my room and felt different about letting her in there. 

After breakfast my father asked my mother if she wanted to go to the movies. They told Luis to go shower and get ready. I considered declining their potential invitation. I wanted to stay home, lie in my bed and resting from all the things that I will have to do eventually. Catherine worked today, I guess. She told me to go, it's been a long time since I've gone out with my family. I can't even remember the last time we went out apart of going to the United States. I showered and changed. 

I picked one pair of jeans from the lot I took out of the dryer machine. I cut shaving like I hadn't done in a while. A centimeter long crimson line on my cheek. I didn't know what to wear. I have things in my closet, both masculine and androgynous and feminine. 

I picked the Mickey t-shirt and the long black cardigan. 

In Galerias I looked around thinking I'd see somebody. My mother was the one who saw three different known people. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-17
Words:   782
Minutes: 67

Today was a long day of nothing. 

How am I supposed to fill the daily 750 words if I don't do nothing in the whole day? I could type about my dreams. I had several. 

I told Catherine how I knew some of them weren't good yet I could not really remember. I was somewhere where it was supposed to be my house. Relatives were visiting or something like that. They addressed me by an old name. I could talk to Nymeria. She was bigger, was she still a dog? It was time to feed her, and there were other beings in the house, too. 

I took Nymeria outside after noticing her sniffing around the floor near her mat. She ran around with a strap of the mop on her mouth. Whenever I would get close to her, she'd slid away running as fast as she can. I would corner her behind the race car Miguel and his team built in high school. I stepped on her strap and took it from her. I opened the door and she would slide through the air rapidly as if she could fly. 

I fed her in the morning and tried to stay awake. Even after returning to the bed she would not let me sleep. No, I took her outside and she did her business. I did not talk with Catherine until after. My grandma had left me some eggs in the pan. I ate them and watched some tv before taking my pills. She played a little in the living room until she tired off on her cushion. I slept less than 6 hours in the night, so I was as tired as she was. I woke her up and lead her to my room. I got under the sheets and shared my bed with her. We both fell asleep. It was around ten or eleven o'clock. I put the alarm at 1. I slept and dreamed, and she stayed still by my legs. 

Catherine is home by now. She talked with my while her bus arrived. She told me how she felt bad because of certain comments on the weekend. She's ashamed of working in a Carl's Jr. There was something in her issue that I took badly. She's ashamed because she's a graduate. I wanted to console her, give her a new perspective and reason to calm down and be relieved. 

We see patients some times, the friend of my mom who's a psychologist told her how she found her first job two years after graduating. I thought about the people on our Facebooks, recently I noticed how they've been changing jobs, going from one to the other. Tere, who was a counselor in a high school, posted about unemployment and then how she had become a teacher. Elena who bragged about being offered a promotion adn then working in an office in the HR department, today posted about her first day being a prefect. 

Were they fired or promoted or just offered better opportunities? How can they get several and I none? Us... 

I retook our conversation and concluded: don't be desperate. They told us that if we put our own private practice, there would be a couple of years until we had a base clientele. 

She replied: you don't get desperate about a job. 

It was a spark that kindled my anger. I got conscious about my upsetting. 

I explained how it was not just that I could not find one. It's me being transgender, how should I present to the interviews and show my papers and exposed myself to the potential discrimination and mocking. 

And then I saw it, she was coming to me, about her job in the united states, how she's getting dollars, but she's ashamed because being a graduate she has a job in the fast food industry. 

Where does I that let me? I can't even job in the United States, I have no job and I am a graduate as well. If she's a failure because "what's the point of so much study" then I am a bigger one having never gotten even a single job. 

And I tired to console her. 

I told her and she answered back with an advice. I should suck up to teachers. Well, later, I could suck up to anyone who gives me an in. 

Every time she answers my whining with an advice I feel how she doesn't understand. Why am I worrying if there are so many simple solutions? 

Why worry about facing work discrimination and being a vulnerable minority looking for a job? I can just suck it up to people and be fine. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-18
Words:   800
Minutes: 70

Two more vaccines in a single application next week and her vaccines are done. A reinforcement three months later and then yearly. I guess it's gonna be alright that Nymi can stay in Catherine's house for the weekend. I don't really know why the idea excites me. She staying with her, befriending Muñeca. 

Today was the first day that I'd be leaving the house for different appointments. I woke up before Nymeria. I looked around and turned the lights. She raised her white sharp head and those big black eyes where fixated on me. I had woken from a dream where I was in this same house coming from a different home. At first I was alone in the back seat of a van drove by no one. I climbed to the driver's seat and continued the trip. In some way I got here with both of my brothers. As I told Catherine when I remembered and started retelling it, I came here looking for the Aerostar mini-van that we used to have when we lived in the other house. It served the place of the jetta in my plan of selling it for getting funds to my first months living in Mexico City. My father had driven it and parked here. "It's in the second file of parked cars that gets full when there is a party". It was empty. There was no mini-van in sight. I took out my phone and tried to contact my father. There were some inconveniences with its functions and it wasn't until several tries that I was resigned to the idea that the van was stolen, and so, gone.  

I fed the dog and took her out to do her shit. Almost immediately we return and I came back to bed. We both slept for two more hours. The house was silent. Almost empty except by us and my grandma sleeping in her room. I ate a burrito for breakfast that was saved in a kitchen towel. It was a burrito of meat and potatoes. I thought about taking one of the weekend's biscuits, but didn't. 

After finishing the season of South Park I took some clothes of the closet and went to the bathroom to take a shower. I put Nymeria in her bed box and closed the door on my room. She stayed quiet for a while, but kept moaning and crying while I shaved my body and washed my hair. As I was shaving my face her laments were almost continues. I tried shushing her and consoling her with my voice but it resulted ineffective. My grandma got out of her room and asked me "are you in the shower?" I was standing in front of the sink with a face lathered and the wet body covered by a tank top and panties. "Yes", I lied although she could completely see me outside of it. 

She came down and took her out of the room while I finished rinsing and cleaning the brush and razor. 

I hesitated while changing. I put on my pants in the bathroom but didn't know what to wear over. I had thought about the light cream blouse with the scoop neck. As I tried it on, I felt it too tight and a wave of discomfort washed me over as I look the reflection of my whole body. I took out a striped white one and tried it. There was something that felt off still. I changed again to the green one I ended up with. Yesterday was cold, so I realized I would need a jacket or light sweater. I had taken out the long red one but it felt wrong. I tried the black one, but it didn't match with the brown flats. I took the gray one I bought at Target and sent a picture to Cathy. 

I changed the sweater to the long black one and the flats to the blacks. 

I took Nymi's to Catherine's house and from there I drove to the vet office. We got home and I fed her. 

I drove to Lili's where she picked up the file of her next evaluation and she sat in the driving seat on the way to Playas. We got to Argana were we ate and smoked. We stayed there for a while, the waitress welcomed us in the couch of the first floor with a "girls". Does she know I'm trans? The dark skinned one from before we left three years ago does. 

We walked on the beach and talked. On our way home we sang to the tunes of the songs on her spotify. 

Tomorrow I'll go to the meeting at work and my session and then to the library. Will I register myself finally on the system? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-19
Words:   767
Minutes: 19

I can't remember the last time I wrote the words out of my house. Was I in Mexicali? Maybe I wrote them in the phone somewhere... Right now I'm sitting in the top floor of the library. I came here to have some free and quiet time dedicated just to study. I guessed that being here would force me to focus and do only the thing I came to do. 

I guess I was wrong. 

I did not study absolutely anything. 

Well, I did transcript the guide to the red notebook, although I haven't decided if I'm going to make the notes on the notebook or use the special notation app of the Laptop. Using the one on the laptop has the benefits of being faster and, of course, way more legible. The notebook has its portability. I can take it here without carrying the two pound laptop. 

I went to the meeting with Liliana and her other "girls". It was Friday when I went to attend the last patient and the office was "full". She mentioned it yesterday when Catherine and I picked up the integration of the battery applied to her patient and now today as well. 

I noticed the eyes of the other girl, the younger one. Did she notice me? I sensed the changes of my voice and the slips of Lili's "son"s. 

Maybe dressing this androgynously wasn't such a good idea. 

I had thought about wearing the dark jeans and the stamped half-buttoned-up blouse. I was already clothed when I changed my mind. I put on a plain black t-shirt and over it, the red flannel that I have since I can't remember when. These last days I've been hesitating with my choice of clothes. I feel uncomfortable in them and anxious about the way I look. This time it was unexpected the calmness I felt when I looked myself with this clothes. 

The meeting lasted about an hour. We talked about... Have I really just forgotten the topics about the meeting? She mentioned the cups and the coffee area. I gave her the formats and she repeated about the postulations of the possible flyers and ads. We added now the tryouts of a format for a contract of services. 

I got in just in time. No, I got in two or three minutes late. Iris, is it? That's her name. She was already there chatting with Liliana. Gilda arrived just some moments after I sat. I got into my car at approximately 12 o'clock. I got into Rene's building half an hour later. I sat at the stairs and just listened to some music and relaxed. This session was calmed. He told me that next week he won't be able to see me. It's alright. 

I ate in the cafeteria. It's weird that I know I had intentions of going to the bathroom and yet I haven't gone. Am I scared of entering the women's? I have done it here, haven't I? I entered with Catherine. 

I am just two days shy of turning 6 months in hormones. I bought a sandwich and a bottle of water. I told Catherine my idea of buying a wrap from the coffee in the middle of campus. I remembered that I need to give my name after ordering. The cook is those kinds of people that think they're so funny that their sense of humor transcends rudeness. 

I got into the library and filled the registration. I made another account of Khan academy. Maybe in there I can review the themes of Chemistry and biology. 

Later I can just take out books from here and study at home. Or maybe another day I can come whenever I've felt trapped in my own house or room. 

I feel tired. I woke up at 7. Nymeria barked at me but I was still half unconscious. My mind didn't comprehend her intention and I just stared at her. She went out of the plastic box that is her bede and positioned herself on her forelegs lowering her, is it a vagina? A vulva? 

She peed in front of my bookcase and I just watch her. I fed her and took her outside. Her anus does look different when she wants to defecate. I can use that to guess and take her outside as training. 

We returned to my room and I put an alarm for an hour later. I didn't make use of that time to rest. I couldn't return to sleep. 

Maybe now that I've finished today's words I won't have to go late to bed. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-20
Words:   801
Minutes: 67

Today was another day of emptiness. I woke up early than usual, was it me or was it Nymeria? I fed her and took her outside. I tried to sleep again, but couldn't. Maybe for some minutes, but nothing significant. I'm sitting on the couch typing the words. Legends of Tomorrow is playing on the television. The protagonist of Suits is wearing a superhero costume. In a couple of minutes the second episodes of Supernatural will start. I watched the first one in the morning after growing tired of South Park. 

Nymeria is biting the papers over the package of sheets for the printer. I took her to my room. It's tiring. Having to supervise her and watch every move. Maybe that's why I drove to the university yesterday. 

I almost forgot my phone. As I was getting all my stuff in my backpack, I was chatting with Catherine over Whatsapp. I put the laptop and the cable, and then the notebook and the pencil bag. Everything was set and I put the backpack over my shoulder. I walked towards the lift and turned seeing if anyone had their eyes on me. I got into the lift and checked my appearance on the mirror. The male shirt didn't overturn the feminity of the rest of the outfit. My face is narrower and sharper, my skin is softer and clearer. I have changed enough. 

I got away from the computer and cooked me some chicken in a piece of bread. I've finished now. 

Where was I? In the lift. Getting out of the library I looked for my phone. The trousers I was wearing didn't have front pockets and the back ones were empty. The side pockets of the backpack were empty as well but for the water bottle. A flash of fear stomped me. Where could it be? Inside the backpack? I left it behind... 

I went inside in a rush, got into the lift and pressed the button. I almost ran to the cubicle where I was seating hoping nobody had noticed it. It was there, on the shelf. I grabbed it and continued the conversation with Catherine. 

I had to hit Nymeria again. She's bitting on that self pieces of paper. The folder of papers that my mother left in there. I struck her with the rolled newspaper. Does it hurt? She didn't cry. 

I asked Catherine if she has plans for her mother's birthday. That same Saturday is Andrea's party. I can go, it will be late at night. Even if we go out that day, I'll be here by the evening. I looked at the event on Facebook, and specifically the list of guests. Am I scared of being introduced to them? Found out? Last party a year ago, those people weren't so nice and friendly. Will I be under threat? 

Just now, remembering last party, I think I'll go. I might stay with Chevo and Jessica. Both Jessica and Paola have confirmed their assistance. I should not depend so much on Catherine. I don't know. I have still a day between now and then. 

I've confirmed tomorrow's session, but haven't printed or even planned the tests I'll apply. 

The meeting is appointed to tomorrow's evening. I have time, still. 

I don't know what I'll wear, neither tomorrow or the day after. I'll wonder about that tomorrow. 

Catherine went to work today. In one of her breaks she told me how Anahi would pick her up. Later, she apologized for being late, she said Catherine took her out to eat because both of them were angry. I jokingly told her, that I would cry were they had gone to In n Out. I've been telling her I want to go since months ago. We've postponed going countless times. I remember an imaged I had seen and, continued saying that were they'd gone to 5Guys, I'd commit seppuku. 

She asked me what was that, and then played some audios telling me that she would take me to the restaurant after her next paycheck. She would take just me and pay the burger. I noticed how she didn't answer the question and sensed some guilt on her words and voice. I asked her again. And after a third time, she said that they did. She had promised Anahi. 

I'd lie if I say I'm not upset. I was sad, I am disappointed. 

It's weird because I don't feel my emotions are validated and yet I feel them. I had told her that I would go, but now I don't really want to. 

I mean, I still have cravings for that food, but I don't want to go with her. 

Is that the reason why I want to stay on the party after her leaving, or even go without her? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-21
Words:   764
Minutes: 36

"Are you mad at me?" 

Was her the first message after hours or was it a reply after mine? Was I mad at her? 

I feel something, but what? We talked after I got out of my session. It was the first conversation of more than three consecutive words that we've had since the beginning of the day. 

I'm sitting right now at the dinner table, beside my grandmother and with Nymeria by my feet. Deadpool is on the television and Miguel is asleep on the couch. 

I woke up a couple of minutes after six. I don't really remember even if I dreamed or not. Catherine texted me she was still asleep or just waking up. I ignored her... No, she answered the last questions I made her last night. She doesn't think she'll go to Andrea's party, she might go out with her mother to dinner, and she'll surely be pretty tired at night. The day after, Sunday, her father had said he had plans of going out to the Valle de Guadalupe. He hadn't confirmed anything. She was planning on asking him, but he was asleep last night. 

I answered with and "Ok". I kept thinking about yesterday. I remembered Monica's upsetting when I went to Fuddruckers with Anahi and Catherine some years ago. I thought it was absurd. I had reasons of not going with her. I had offered her taking her, crossing by feet and taking the trolley. She was the on who declined. And now she was mad at me because I went. 

What's the difference now? Catherine had invited me times before and I declined. I used the money as an excuse. I am in not place for spending the few dollars I have. Anahi took her. They had an opportunity and took it. I have no right to be mad nor upset. 

But I still am.

Maybe that's why I don't say anything. But keeping those feelings to me only makes things worse. 

Miguel sent me a message in the morning asking if I went out or were busy. Could I pick him up from school? He uses the feminine with me. I remember the time he asked my grandma about me, using my name. 

The only one left is my dad. He used Ivan way more times before. I guess he is taking the idea. It's been 6 months since I started hormones. Half a year to take the idea. Three months, maybe, after I went public. Have the relatives from his side said anything to him about me? Some didn't add me right after, the closer ones, actually. 

We have gone to Mexicali just a couple of times, but I haven't seen anyone from that side of the family in a long time. 

This weekend is Andrea's party. Next Tuesday I'll have the third session with my patient and the day after I won't have mine. Later that same day is the birthday of Diego, Paola's son. I should go buy him a gift or something. Maybe we'll go to the United States. 

I don't know what else to write about. I could scan the papers to upload them to the site. I am finally registered. I started studying math again in the Khan site. For now just reviewing the early and easy subjects of algebra and geometry, things of middle school and high school. It's a little disconcerting how I passed most of the Math classes with perfect A's and yet I barely remember how to do most of those things. 

They are part of the syllabus of the test so I'm not really wasting my time. 

Statistics is another of the next subjects in Khan and the most important subject in the psych test and a significant one of the Science one. 

The time is shorter than what I imagine. The first test is by mid February, just a month an a half after new year's, which is a little more than two months from now. 

Will I do it? Will I be able to? 

Will I survive? 

Most of the people I know have a master's. The grown ones I mean. No, that's not true. Not most of them, most of the teachers, but that's a biased view. 

Why am I scared? I've talked this with Rene. It's not a condition anymore for the procedure of changing the name. Why am I still preoccupied with my ability and results. 

Because it's my future. 

I wasn't able to imagine me now. Maybe that's why I am scared. Because I am wandering blind. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-22
Words:   791
Minutes: 40

Catherine is out with her parents celebreting her mom's birthday. They are on a Chinese food buffet. She sent me some messages a couple of minutes ago. We didn't talk much today. 

I woke up early in the morning, so that I had to wait before feeding Nymeria. I did try to sleep again but she did not let me. My father went out and brought breakfast. Luis did not ask for anything, There were four biscuits, a burger, crisscuts fries and a bag of hash browns in the paper bag. I assumed the biscuit were for my mom and grandma, and the burger for Miguel. What would Luis eat? He came down before Miguel and I hadn't finished my food yet. I asked him and he said he didn't ask for anything. 

I guess I was pretty hungry. I didn't even hesitate before deciding to eat two of my biscuits. My grandma and mother came down and I was already in my room when they ate. They asked Luis what did he crave but he answered nothing. My grandma insisted over and over, suggesting him meals she could make him. After several failed tries, she told him she would make it anyway in case he did want it. I felt like screaming even though she wasn't talking to me and I wasn't even in the room. 

My mother got angry and sent him to his room. 

A while later, when I went upstairs for some reason, I passed beside their rooms and saw her standing in theirs with his arms surrounding her. I looked for more than an instant, so their hug was continuous. Was he crying? Did he confess something? 

Catherine went to work. She will have unpredictable shifts all November and December because of the high needs of personnel. They let her out early. 

Yesterday Gilda posted that there were two patients available for evaluation. Iris should contact her about the info of one and the other, which was looking for a vocational orientation, could be taken by either me or Catherine. In other conversation I asked her if I could have her. It was more like a courtesy. She has her job with a constant wage, her shifts are chaos and we've been talking about my need of money and economic pressure. She agreed. 

I said I would take it and Gilda replied questioning me if I wanted her contact or should she give her mine. I hesitated. Should I ask for it so I'd have the control over contacting her? Or was it easier just letting her have it and waiting for their initiative. I opted for the latter. 

Even this morning I wasn't sure about going to Andrea's party. I didn't. It wasn't much that Catherine wouldn't be there. I don't think I'd be very comfortable. Sure there would be new people who'd see me and I could sense their perception about me. But some of them I've met already. They saw me in a black skirt and cape, last year. I didn't like them much. What if Andrea hesitated introducing me to them? What if she told them? Is it ok me being scared of them knowing? Or was it more their attitude and personalities after a few drinks? 

I think about my closet and clothes. Yesterday I had my patient. I applied some tests. I changed before picking Miguel up and put make up before having the session. I wore another male shirt over the blouse. Was I feminine enough? Did I felt comfortable enough? 
I need more clothes, the season has changed. Soon, the climate will as well. Most of my clothes are short-sleeved and I lack jackets. 

Luis told my father he needed to buy pants. He didn't have many or needed more or I don't remember what. My father asked him from where does he want them. "The United States". I asked if we'll go but didn't get a definite answer. It would be perfect if we went. I could buy some of the clothes I need and look for Diego's present for his party this Wednesday. I already proposed Catherine about giving him a gift from the both of us. 

I counted the money after my father gave me the three green notes. This time he said no name and I thanked him silently. I have a little more than two thousand pesos and like ten dollars. I could use that money to buy the laser sessions myself. 

I hadn't said nothing to my mother and the month is almost over. I would benefit lots of them, why am I bothered by the thought about them? 

Oh, because it means using the phone and introducing myself as Ivan again. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-23
Words:   761
Minutes: 45

I don't feel much like typing, writing. My mind feels blank. I haven't slept since waking up in the morning. Nymeria wakes me for breakfast and stays active the first couple of hours of the day. After that, she fells into this kind of tired and slow state. She lets herself down on my legs or her cushion or sometimes even the floor. I envy her and resent her a bit. 

I reviewed some early math subjects. Two or three chapters before finishing algebra. Geometry, trigonometry and then Statistics and Calculus, the things I should be learning. 

It's unheartening, how most of the stuff I'm reviewing are things I've supposedly have learned already. 

I haven't even started with biology and chemistry or physics. 

Catherine was going to go to Ensenada, or Valle de Guadalupe or somewhere... We talked a little in the morning. I guess I was the first person to get up in the house. Luis came later and asked if my dad had brought breakfast. It was close to 9 in the morning. He wanted to wake him up. Yesterday he declined food and now he was about to wake him. I told him to wait. Moments later Grandma came down. Did she eat something? She offered him food. 

Miguel and my father were next. My dad asked us if we wanted anything. My mother came down until after he returned. 

Yesterday I saw an episode of Black Mirror. San Junipero. It was about a woman visiting this coast town in the 80's. In there she met another woman who was more accustomed to the region. The grow intimate and you see their relationship flower. 

San Junipero is a town, but not one of any kind. They see each other after every week in this bar. Kelly is young and out-going, with black curly hair and dark skin. Yorkie is shy and cautious, her hair is light brown and her big eyes stay hidden behind big glasses. The finally get together and spent the night. Well, until midnight, anyway. 

Next week, Yorkie can't find her. So she looks for her in different times. 

They agreed to meet outside San Junipero. Kelly will visit her from Nevada to California. They get to know each other and marry. She helps her get her euthanasia. 

I put the second episode of Falling water, but I can't seem to remember what happened on the first one. I guess I'll take it off. I didn't pay much attention the first time. Now, that I'm writing it's a lost cause. I am putting on instead Saturday Night Life. I don't have to see it, I can just hear the skits and pretend I'm caring. 

Nymeria is tiring me. She keeps biting me every time I try to grab her. 

My father took my mom to a concert in Cecut. She'll see a ballet recital where the daughter of her friend is gonna perform. My father just now is unlocking the front door. Nymeria ran to meet him and welcome him. 

My next session will be before Friday. She said she would confirm Saturday. I guess I'll send her a text tomorrow asking for the time. 

I registered for a conference Tuesday afternoon, but after seeing that they'll use my microphone and videocamera. I thought about unregistering, I was scared. What if they expected me to talk or say something? It's improbable and yet, I still don't know if I'm going to take it. 

Wednesday will probably be free. No. I have Paola's reunion. Her son's birthday. 

I'm still a hundred and fifty words left and I feel mentally exhausted. I studied most of the morning. Math is mentally consuming. But what I did should not count as math. It's elementary school leveled exercises. I should feel ashamed of struggling with simple algebra of middle school. 

Catherine didn't go to the place she was gonna. They went to Playas, and after that to the house of somebody's grandma who has a birthday, too. 

Tom Hanks is introducing the show, he's making a skit about being the father of America after being named "America's Dad". He put on a sweater and sat beside the chimney to have a talk. 

I hear him and wonder about my own father. Would he sit and talk with me like that? Chat and try to understand what's happening to me. What has happened and what will. What will I do, how do I feel. How am I taking it. 

Why don't I go and sit with him. 

Is he scared, too? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-24
Words:   758
Minutes: 31

I remember always having a computer. Since before I could write there has always been a computer in my house. I was an only child in pre-school when I would enter into the "lil room" and play that game of a skiing man running away from a Yeti. It was always that end, when the Yeti appears and eats you and it's a sudden death. Game Over. That's it. 

Lots of people grew with that name. I remember once reading on the internet someone saying how it was an allegory of the inevitability of death, and the finite nature of life. To later know about the person who later appeared with the knowledge that pressing some button you get the acceleration you need to avoid his grasp. 

When did I got my computer? The PC in the lil room was my father's. Once I bought some food that came with a complimentary cd of a videogame. I was unable to play it because the computer had no CD-drive. Just floppy disks. We used those in grade school in the computers class to save our work and give homework. 

I fantasized about having a laptop. I don't really know what was exactly what I fancied in them. I imagined myself taking it with me to Mexicali, to coffee shops, walking to other rooms, maybe sitting in the stairs and working on something. Writing? Reading? What did I use a computer for in those times? 

I saw one in Costco once. It was a UMPC. Ultra Mobile PC. It was 10 inches wide. I didn't care about the specs or what I could use it for. I wanted it. I had the intention of saving money and buying it. 

Years passed and I got into Macs. I think it was a movie about a scriptwriter working on one. I was already in High School? No, Middle School. I saved some money and my mother helped me with the rest. That was my first laptop. This is the second. The first one's hard drive failed and its battery started inflating. Instead of trying to repair it, my father bought me this one. I have six years with it. 

I used it to write the scripts of the shorts of high school. I used it to edit the videos I made for my friends. I took it to Spain with me and talked to my family and friends through its screen. I've been writing these words this whole time in here. 

Why did I started talking about computers? I remembered the scene of my imagination with the computer resting on my lap and my fingers tapping the keyboard. I used to try to imagine myself in the future. In grade school once when we returned from the US with my godmother and Jessica, my mother parked besides the middle school. We all talked about schools, their uniforms. The different colors of the jumpers depending on the grade of the girl and the boringness of the shit-colored boys' one. In high school, on the other hand, the skirt was nice and the boys wore jeans and a white polo. It was like wearing no uniform. To my child mind it was unimaginable. Jeans, not wearing uniform, going in your normal clothes. 

By then I already had dreams about wearing a girl's uniform. I didn't think of them in that conversation. I tried imagining me wearing the khakis pants and shirt, or the jeans and polo. Even when I bought the first ones and tried them on, seeing myself in the mirror was weird. That was the way I would look for the next three years. 

The thought of wearing a jumper never really crossed my mind. 

In grade school I once had to do a homework where I had to draw myself as an adult. I put glasses on myself even though by then I didn't need them. There was something in me that knew they would be a part of me. I drew me with short hair although, by then, I already despised having it that way. 

My life is immensely different to what I could had imagined. Lots of changes and things have happened. 

And even now, after all that's happened, after living in Europe and finishing college, having a girlfriend and knowing the pain of a broken heart, being dumped and breaking up a relationship, juggling the hearts of two people, transitioning and coming out, being in a lesbian relationship... Even now I can't imagine what's going to happen next. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-25
Words:   974
Minutes: 66

I am worse than I thought. I am home with Luis by my side and Nymeria between my feet. 

This day started really early. I woke up a couple of minutes past seven and feed the dog. There was a plate covered with a napkin left on the table. I was hungry. Was that for me? The red car was still in the parkway. There was nothing behind it but the empty street through the house in front of ours. My mom was still here but my brothers not. 

My grandma asked me if I saw the burritos she left for me. I asked which were they. I asked again after not being heard. Those weren't mine after all. She handed them to me and I ate them so my stomach wasn't empty receiving my pills. Miguel turned behind me and asked me if I'd go out early, if I could take him to school by 9, 9 and a half. 

Sure, why not. I didn't return to bed and I haven't rested since then. 

I am in my pajamas after taking my clothes off. I thought about staying in the tank top and just putting over a hoodie. Two days ago there were some clothes on the couch, some of my father's pants and Luis' shirts or something. When she took them upstairs, my gray hoodie was with them. I put the other darker and thicker one but it was too much. Yesterday it rained, storm-like. Today I decided to wear the gray hoodie I bought at Target. Were it going to rain again or just be chilly it would be ok. 

I went upstairs and my grandma was already lying on her blankets reading her ipad. The question of the location of the sweater didn't reach her ears. Again, I threw my words at her. And again I missed. Almost screaming I made myself be heard. I didn't found it and irritated came down and just put on a long-sleeved t-shirt. Still it isn't cold but by the middle of the night it refreshes. 

I showered, shaved my body and almost drowned in nausea. I remember the time where I stepped out of the shower to throw up in the toilet before a cancelled plan with Catherine. Was this going to be like that? 

It wasn't. 

I changed and combed my hair and put make up on. I'll go take it off. Whatever is left, I mean. 

So I took Miguel and Nymi by the same time. I grabbed my portfolio with the tests and my purse and told Miguel to get into the car. The last week, when I took Nymeria, she threw up on her box over the brown t-shirt. It could had been the heat. This earlier time it could be less probable that she'd get carsick. I was wrong. 

She threw up when I left Miguel in the Tech. Then again after I moved her to the front seat. Before getting to the 7eleven to buy a soda, on the lights behind, actually, a person asking for money for a rehabilitation center approached my window. He addressed me in the feminine from the start. He called me m'ija and pretty when he asked me for money. "Can I sing you a son, beautiful?" 

I told him I had no loose change. In the vet there was a different receptionist. I annotated our names in their sheet and sat to wait. 10, 15, 20 minutes passed. I was annoyed, sick, tired. I wanted to get home and rest. I am here now and I still need to rest. 

I came home and tried to rest for the hour before my second time to leave. I got to the office and saw my patient walking upstairs with another person. Was she a patient of Lilli? just a friend of hers? I saw the closed door of the office and remembered I never told Liliana that I'd see the patient today. 

I called her and told me she was in traffic. It was alright. 

My patient introduced us. Her friend extended her hand and I reached her. Something crushed. Arantza looked at her and asked. "Oh, no, it wasn't me, it was he ...she" She apologized but I didn't realized if it was because of the misgendering or the hands. I apply  the test and the hour went flying. Nymeria was already shot and I was already out. Catherine bought the present for Diego so I could go pick it up. 

Getting there I parked ahead of where I usually do. Catherine told me there was ringbell after I sent her the message. And passing the door she added her uncle was home, so she didn't know how would he address me. 

Was that it? I got inside and felt sick. I felt sad and dark. I was in pain. 

Anahi would be getting there soon. In the way there, Catherine told me they were just sitting on the table but she could invite me a taco or something. When I got there, I lost my appetite. 

I sat on the couch and she asked me several times how I felt. I told her I did not know. Didn't I? Why didn't I tell her I was in pain? I didn't know why, or even what exactly was tormenting me. 

She asked me if I wanted to stay. I thought of Anahi and shook my head with tears in my eyes. I noticed how she was annoyed. "I thought we could just stay here, chat, do something. 

I just wanted to lie down and cry. 

Anahi got there and I did just that on her shoulder. Minutes later I said good-bye and came home. 

I don't know if I'll go tomorrow to the party. 

I don't know what's wrong with me. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-26
Words:   765
Minutes: 39

I haven't gone still to the pharmacy. I have until Saturday to buy the pills. I should be starting grading the tests or studying for the tests. Should I mention to them my application to the masters? I saw them. I went. Catherine did as well. 

I showered in the morning. No, it was the afternoon. Yesterday I went to bed early with the weight of misery on my back and shoulders. A couple of hours later, before midnight still, I woke up in the darkness thinking it was a new day. I checked Catherine's unread message and realized I was wrong. Did I dreamed something today? I know I did. I thought about mentioning. Yeah, school. Something about a dance? It was grade school, again, but I wasn't a child. I stepped down the stairs in some type of costume. Was it a festival? I saw several of the girls I've known wearing red dresses. Other were in a suit, gray slacks and a fitted cocktail coat. Was Catherine among them? 

I fed Nymeria and came out to the living room. My grandmother was cutting fruits or vegetables for her drink. There was no burritos, yet. I sat tired in the couch. Thinking about the day. The party of Diego would not start until three and a half. I ate the two burritos my grandma made me. My mother left for school. Grannie offered me another two, and I accepted, but ate only one. 

Nymeria was tired of running and playing and started falling asleep on my lap. Or was it her cushion? I thought about going to the room and sleeping some more. 

I woke up two hours later. Was it noon? Something like that. I showered and changed. I put on the black blouse with the white vest. 

I was ready for leaving. I could buy the bag or something for the gift on the way. When would it be too early? When would it be too late? I waited until the appointed time on the Facebook event to leave home. I bought the gift bag and drove to her house. I stepped down and went to the front door. I called her on whatsapp and then to her phone. After a couple of minutes I decided to return to my car and wait. 

She called me back and told me she would open the door. I stepped in and everyone was home already, helping in the kitchen. I felt a little embarrassed about coming this late. On my way up I had seen Carlos, Diego's father putting on the decoration in the room under the building. 

It wasn't long until Catherine arrived as well. There was some of Paola's friends. I approached Carlos' cheek when he said hello. He knows about me, I guess. Paola told her mom "Sofia got here", I guess she knows, too. 

Her childhood friend? 

Like when I saw my patient, as we were playing that game were you have to guess what is written on the paper in your forehead only using yes or no questions, Carlos hesitated before addressing me. 

It was Jessica's turn to play, but she approached him to put the paper on his forehead and he said: "No, it's hi...her turn" 

They correct themselves. Shouldn't that be good enough? 

I took out the phone just moments before the game would end. Catherine sent me a text asking me what I was doing minutes later. 

"I don't feel good. Anxiety, maybe?" She replied how she was just thinking about leaving herself. We both said our goodbyes.

We both got into Cathy's car and she took me to mine. We used to do that when we were in College. Sometimes we would park on different parts of the lot, and we'd go to the closest car, or usually hers and stay and chat. Then, when the time to leave would come, she would take me to my car and each of us would go their way. 

I talked to myself on my way home. At first I rehearsed the speech I would give about being trans. How it wasn't really something I've known my whole life. But I didn't really changed my gender. Will somebody some day ask me about it? Do I want to? 

I wished no one could see or notice. I wished it would be actually a secret that I could keep and just disclose to the people I want. 

I am just six months on hormones. And from here on, I will be changing more and more. 

Time will pass. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-27
Words:   784
Minutes: 38

So today. Since yesterday I've known that I would take Miguel to his school. I woke up by six in the morning to feed Nymeria. I took her outside like all of the mornings. My mom was still upstair getting ready. Only females were in the house. Do I count myself? I hesitated before writing the sentence. Nymeria and me, my mother and grandmother. 

I don't recall dreaming something. I slept maybe six hours. Grannie still hadn't made breakfast. 

Like ten times today, my grandma has called me son. Every time is harder and more painful. I don't understand why can't I say something or correct her. A burning rage is boiling in my guts. I want to say something, scream... 

It's not her fault, it's not on purpose. My mother had corrected her before. 

It doesn't matter. 

I stayed awake for some minutes in the couch waiting for the time to come and take Miguel to school. Nymeria was running and playing and, as usual, came to my legs and fell asleep. Nothing happened, I guess. 

My mother is talking about her colleague, the one who was jealous of me in Facebook, the one with mommy issues. I hear them and feel, I don't know... It's like if they were girls in middle school talking about giving the silent treatment. 

Yesterday in the child party of Diego, I noticed how he is really immature. He spend half of the party in arms, being Paola's or his father's. He had the pacifier in his mouth and I didn't hear him say not a single word. By the time of the pictures he covered himself in his firefighter hat and then fell asleep before the second half. 

I told Catherine how I have this weird feelings about it. I should not care about the way she raises him. It's none of my business, they're not even family. 

On the way home from the party I thought about having a conversation with my ex. Again, another one. 

Why do I keep dreaming about her? It's not even that we make peace or reconcile. In my dreams I see her message, I see our conversation and I'm surprised and shocked. "Why are we talking? Why are you looking for me?" 

"I wished I could stop thinking about you. Why can't I let you go? It's not that I want you back. I'm sure I don't love you. I don't care about not ever seeing you again, but... what is it that I want then? I wished I could hate you, sometimes I enlist all of the things that you did or failed to do, all of the things that would made anyone tell me that I am better without you. And not even then do I wish you wrong. 

I miss talking to you, knowing how you're doing, what's happening in your life and sharing mine. I miss you. 

And I hate it."

I feel pathetic. I came back from Miguel's school and on the way thought about the messages that were in the conversation of the gang. Paola thanked us about being with her, accompanying her and helping. They talked about it, said that maybe Paola can help for the next party when Chevo and Jessica have a child, they talked playfully about the future. And those hopeful talks hurt this time. Even the talk about the plan for next year's, even the wedding of Andrea. 

I, hopefully, won't be close for them. 

It's sure now, I've applied. The plan is set. I will go to the capital in three months. It can either be for two years or for a couple of months. Would it be a failure not getting in and coming back? Would I look for a job if I don't get into any of the masters? 

How would I feel with myself? 

I should not think about that. Even in the couple of months I am supposed to be there I can deal with the papers and change my name. Just doing that would be a victory and an accomplishment. 

Step by step. Sometimes it doesn't help to look at the full picture. Everything as it comes. 

What's the point of asking to myself: "Will I make it?", if I haven't even finished the first steps. Take each thing one at a time. 

My mother brought something that I had left behind. Last night before going to bed, she came and told me how the principal of Luis school's told her he talked to his school psychologist about "doubts about his sexuality". 

Did I write about this yesterday? 

Am I repeating myself? 

Am I trapped in yet another cycle of anxious rumination? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-28
Words:   771
Minutes: 120

I think it was a week ago, when Catherine first told me she had thought about going out today. Yesterday I think I wrote how my grandma called me "son" like 20 times. There was something that made me feel like shit as the day began. Nymeria barked at me and the lights were still off, the Sun itself was still off. It was too early still to feed her, yet I had not the patience and fed her anyway. Even I ate and took my pills. 

I wasn't out of my room for more than three minutes when my grandma addressed me as M'son. Irritated, "I am not 'son'", I exclaimed and walked away. I think she did not hear me. Less than five minutes later she called me the same way again. She laughed just after. Was she because she realized her mistake? Or was it something completely different related to the thing she wanted to tell me in the first place? 

I don't know and I won't ask. 

Tomorrow the weekend will begin. I'm home after going out with Catherine. Miguel is asleep on the couch next to the one where I'm sitting. My grandma is doing something in the kitchen while Nymeria observes carefully. 

I've given the big blouse I bought mistakenly in a Large size. More than a blouse it's a tunic, but similar to the red flannel shirt I wore today. 

Yesterday when we were thinking and planning what we could do today, she proposed going to the Plaza between our homes, the one with the fun park and the mini-golf and the Bowling. In the morning I tried to go back to bed after finishing the last episode of Black Mirror. Nymeria stayed for a while in her bed-box and I could sleep. I dreamed about something, there I was in a car driven by my father. Out of home, the closest under-bridge was different. It was a sort of rock tunnels, deep, complicated and narrow. After there, I was with Catherine wandering in an indoors Mall, going through different stores. I was wearing a red dress and felt vulnerable. Some time later, we ended in the line for a bathroom. 

I woke up. The darkness trapped between the closed doors made it even more difficult to stay awake and get up. Catherine had sent me a message that she'd have to go to the United States to the bank and take some money out of the ATM. She explained that we would not need to cancel our plans. 

I wasn't conscious enough to even worry. I got out of the bed and went to the bathroom to get ready. I put on the black jeggings and the red flannel shirt. Almost the same outfit I wore to the University. 

She would pick me up by three. When I got out of the shower she was already at her home. As she picked me up she told me how she would have to go first to an AT&T to pay her bill and from there we could go to the restaurant. She told me if I wanted to go to the movies, River Plaza, we could see the Dr Strange movie. 

We went to the cell place and an employee welcomed us at the front door. Everyone today used feminine pronouns. She drove to the Plaza and we got into the Giusseppi's. The waiter sat us and after a while came for our order. We asked four all of our dishes before the drinks. As he finished taking our order he stayed and looked straight at me with a smile on his face and opened his mouth to ask me something. I cringed and waited for the worst. 

"Are you, it's your voice, when you spoke, I mean, are you still a lady? Because, I mean, you look young, but your voice sounds deep and..." 

I smiled uncomfortable and just mumbled yes. Catherine answered back that, yeah, I'm young despite my voice. 

He brought us our food and everything went fine. We walked through different stores and looked at stuff waiting for our movie. We would be seeing it in 4D. 

In the movie theater, getting up the escalator I watched a woman climbing the stairs. I moved to the side so she could pass. After some moments she took the cue and walked past us. "Thank you, girls", she said. Then, as she ordered her Tostitos and I stood in line for a bottle of water, the man behind me, told to his wife "I'm behind her (esta)... After her, then it's me." 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-29
Words:   842
Minutes: 127

I don't remember the last time I sat here in my desk and typed the words. Is it more than a week? 

The laptop has been having issues. I broke Miguel's can shaped glass because of it. I feel guilty about it. I was with him when he bought it. I imagined how I would feel had he broken my Mason mug. Nymeria is running with her giraffe on her mouth. I took her out of the desk irritated after dealing with the problematic laptop. 

Maybe I should make use of the opportunity and play with her. Maybe that could help me with my mood. 

I went outside and ran with her. We ran besides each other. I ran behind her trying to reach her. I ran ahead and made her bark when she could not follow my steps. I ended exhausted and sitting on the floor. I was sweating when came back inside and lied on the couch to catch my breath. 

Edgar and his friends would come any moment. I heard the voice of my mother mention his name. Luis came down the stairs almost immediately. "My mom says that you go and open the door to Edgar and tell him to put the car on the visits' parking space" I went to my purse for the keys and felt a sudden pulse of anxiety in my spine. What if they see me? What will they say or think? They will recognize me and think I'm a weirdo or a faggot. 

I gave him the keys. "You go". He asked me to accompany him. "You go, why do you want me?" "I don't know what to say to him." I gave him no answer and went to my room. I heard their voices get closer and closer. I was trapped, again, in my room. Some minutes passed before I took the courage to open the door and go outside. Edgar said hi. I approached him with my hand extended, but he hugged me. His friends, one was sitting in the table and the other one was in the restroom. When he came out he just saw me and smiled cordially. 

They came to the Oktoberfest. I caught the word in their conversation and remembered last week that I could not go. Didn't they know? 

I opened my mouth and turned my thoughts to words. They were sure they had read it was supposed to be the 29th. After some laughs and reconsideration of their plans, they decided to go to the Plaza. 

Miguel is there right now as well. We were in the mail when he told my dad he was going to go out this evening. He and his friends would meet at the house in La Cacho and from there would they go to The Plaza in front of Plaza Rio. 

The line wasn't long but it was tedious. We were like 20 cars behind the booth when it stopped completely for 10 or 15 minutes. I started thinking what could happen when we reached the officer, what kind of questions would they ask or comments. Would he made a mention about me? 

Cars started passing and advancing. And then, somehow, we stopped at the booth and the officer was a woman and for a moment I was relieved. As if a woman was less probable to take offense about my being. She took the cards and made the usual questions while she reviewed the pictures in them. She paired the pictures silently one by one. I knew the order of the credentials because I was the one that took them out of their sleeves and passed them to my dad. Dad, Mom, me and brothers. She looked at my dad and from there passed to my mom. It was my turn and her face turned to the seats of the back. I was the one closest to the window and to her. She passed the cards and asked Luis to move back to see Miguel. She saw all of the three cards confused. Then she asked out loud. "Jose?" And I raised my hand as if confessing a shameful crime. "You are?" and then said the names of my brothers and just let us go. 

We ate at Denny's. From there my dad took us to Target where the bill surpassed the five hundred dollars. I bought a purple top and a dark red blouse. I tried some formal pants but none fit. My mom asked me how the make up turned out. I told him it was alright. And she asked back if I needed anything else from there. I said no, but then ended up buying a lip pencil, mascara and a concealer. 

I took a picture of my red lips matching the blouse. I see me smiling and remembered me imagining how would I look when I transitioned. 

This is the picture of me at 6 months of hormones. This is me. 

And even as I type this, I can't help but smile again. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-30
Words:   811
Minutes: 24

And so another day is close to ending. Just one day for one more month to pass. Two more and the year is over. A week after its beginning did I finally call to make the hormones appointment. Here I am thinking, planning, preparing for the next step of my life. My master, my change of name are the things that are ahead. 

Tomorrow would be the day that Anahi and Catherine would go to the United States in costume to, I don't know, do something. I wanted to go, I want to. I see everybody's pictures of them in disguise and I feel envious. It's scary just to think about crossing the border. Catherine is right. She told me how she can imagine what I feel or fear. It's crossing with papers with another name and appearance, to somebody whose job is specifically to assess and judge me. 

I had decided not going. And some hours ago Catherine sent a message telling  me how they had changed their minds and instead would go to the Macro Plaza at night. She would be asking to leave early, but would see us maybe by 9. 

I woke up in the early morning, an hour before time for Nymeria's feeding. I turned off the lights again ignoring her. It was way to early. I went and returned from slumber. After feeding I opened the door and carried her with the intention of not waking any of our house guests. Did I sleep again after that? 

I remember hearing their voices and my mother and grandma preparing breakfast. I opened the door and headed out, dreading my grandma's "son" callings. Would I look suspicious in my pajamas? They are not overtly feminine. 

Nobody said anything about it. I sat and ate with them. 

The chatted at the table after finishing their plates. I, on the other hand, moved to the couch putting some distance between me and them. Andres is the name of the taller one. His hair is lighter and longer. El Pollo is the oldest and shortest of them. He's the teacher. Elementary school is where he works. 

They talked about school and dealing with a special kid. The talked about the gym and the breakfast, their age and appearances. When they mentioned the beards I noticed something. El Pollo, doesn't grow a beard. He doesn't even need to shave according to them. He's young looking and mistaken for a child sometimes. They told about the time when the three of them were 22 but seen as 28, 22 and 14, respectively. 

His body is gynecoid in form. He has wide hips and a voluminous behind compared to the rest of his body. His hips are actually wider than his shoulders. Does he have an hormone imbalance? That would be actually really probable. I thought about mentioning to my mother, but decided against it. What's the point? 

If they did notice about me, he was the one most probable to have clocked me. When they left, Edgar hugged me but I extended my hand to them. 

I thought about starting grading the tests today. It's ten o'clock and I have barely even opened the folder with the tests. 

Tomorrow I guess I'll go out with both Catherine and Anahi. I don't have to worry about the costume anymore. I don't have to worry. 

I should had done the tests. Instead I spent most of the day on the couch resting and reading. I'm a third, no, more like a fourth, behind finishing the book I've been reading. I haven't studied anything though. Maybe I go to school in the week to actually study or do something in there. I haven't gotten to familiarize with the notational app. 

Melissa talked to me yesterday. In the morning she sent me a message asking how I've been. We chatted for a while about our recent lives. She's been busy and I got a little jealous. When I mention my plans it seems as if I've actually been doing something. 

In paper I look busy and interesting. I've been transitioning hormonally this last year, I'm applying to these master programs, gathering the papers for the processes and studying for their tests. And I've been seeing this patients for evaluations on the side to gather some money. 

Anyway, she was the first person outside Anahi and family that I told about leaving in february to the Capital. She told me how she knows this person who works in a NGO that deals with trans people. She thought about mentioning me so I could participate in a forum or something. It would be really cool. 

I agreed with her and told her I was in. 

Would this actually lead to something? Or will it be like those patients that say they're interesting but I never heard of them?  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-10-31
Words:   781
Minutes: 10

I'm all dressed up and ready. I should go upstairs and tell my parents I'm about to leave. We're going to Macroplaza to get a coffee or drink something. Maybe TGI Friday's or Applebees or something like that. Why am I nervous? I won't have to go through Customs border nor any CBP officers. Nobody is going to judge my appearance. 

I think I'll order an uber. Anahi and I will meet before Catherine, although she's going to check out in less than an hour. 

I'm Batgirl, but brunette. I started grading some tests and put the first episode of Chance, where House is a neuropsychiatrist called Chance. I didn't finish it. 

I woke up early and fed Nymeria. After the usual early mornin routine I went back to sleep and she went straight to her box. A couple of hours later I woke up and ate my breakfast. Then, after seeing yesterday's episode of Westworld I slept some more. I was tired, I still am. 

I didn't send the message to my patient confirming tomorrow's meeting. I don't know at what hour I'll see her. It's still early. I could send a message right now or even tomorrow morning. 

I put on some make up, even eye shadow. I sent a picture to both Catherine and Anahi, the latter told me I looked good, a little thinner.

I don't know what else to write. It's like the last few days have been slimmer or voider. 

Should I cheat right now? Tomorrow I would have to write double. 

I've ran out of ideas and I'm not even halfway. I could take a picture of myself and post it to Facebook. That's what I wanted to do, didn't I? 
That's the whole point. I wanted to show myself, to be seen and do what everybody else has been doing. I want to be social and do something. 

I opened up my cellphone and went to instagram. Did I had her in mind before I opened the app or was her thought a kind of reflex? I looked at her profile. Catherine told me some weeks ago that her profile keeps showing up in the list of  people she might know, her latest posts as well. I got there and saw her latest post. She looks different. It's not like she has changed. I just recognized her less and less every time. She is reclined on some kind of fence wearing a short brown sweater. "I have no tits" is the description of her picture. 

Do I have more than her? Was that the intention of her only question when I told her I would start Hormone Treatment? Envy? Fear that I, somehow, would end up more feminine than her? No. I don't think it's that. 

The phone has vibrated. I guess it's Anahi telling me she's ready. 

I am nervous and a little scared. 

I cheated but returned to actually finished the words. It wasn't my phone that vibrated. I guess it was Luis'. I've gone upstairs and told them how I would be leaving in some minutes. It's going to be eight o'clock. It is eight now. Will it be too late when we get there? What if it is too dangerous? I won't be taking my car. I'll ask for an uber. Myabe on the way home Catherine could take me? No, I guess she's going to be tired. I could just ask for another uber back. My phone should be charged enough. She'll be leaving in a couple of minutes. Maybe we'll get there by the same time. Why should things go wrong? Why am I still worried or thinking about the chances of something going foul? 

I ought to calm down. I wanted this, I asked for this. 

Everything is going to be alright. The words are done and I even did some exercises on Khan Academy to maintain the streak. 

I wish Catherine wouldn't have to work, that she could had come with us since the beginning. Am I just envious? Why did I have to accept going out? I had cancelled already. Anahi is ready. Maybe I should go now? 

It is still early. I know where will we be going but I don't know what we're going to do. It's hard going out the three of us because I worry that ANahi is not having a good time. I don't know what she wants to do and she doesn't give options. When we decide and do something I don't know if she's enjoying herself. Maybe I am a little nervous because of that. It's going to be just the two of us for a while. 



