------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, January 11th, 2025
Date: 2025-01-11
Num Words: 954
Num Minutes: 50

"haha you got me there; although be warned that i might take this as permission to let my corniest side out""Please yes" "you've become my favourite notification""now stop making me smile like this"  I was sitting in the waiting area by my gate on the Philadelphia airport. After barely sleeping on my red-eye flight, I felt melancholic, nostalgic, and easily irritated. I looked at my phone screen as Clara's notifications kept appearing one-by-one, on which she was thanking me by the playlist I made for her titled Heartbreak hits for middle-aged women doing house chores.

"i hope you have (had?) a nice trip back!"also are you free friday night?"

I made to Montréal after three—or was it four?—weeks in México. Passing by immigration, instead of just waving me in like other years, they sent me to the "immigration 1" room. It was not the same one where I had to present myself 4 years ago in order to defend my application for a study permit. It took me around an hour and a half of waiting and explaining to the officer how in a PhD I don't take courses nor have grades.

Exhausted, not long after arriving to my—thankfully already—place, I succumbed unto my bed and put an end to a long two-sided day.

I decided not to go to the office and stay home. I had to call the bank to solve the issue about the mistakenly disputed charges that lead them to blocking my credit card; call to the Wellness Hub to schedule an appointment with Dr Franck to renew my soon-to-expire prescription; call the Biron lab to schedule an appointment to get my blood drawn since apparently there are no more phlebotomists at McGill until further notice.

I solved all of those issues, before discovering an unforeseen one. As I tried to schedule my follow-up appointment with Dr Perera, the woman on the other line informed me that Dr Perera had taken her maternity leave. A different doctor would be taking over my medical needs in the meantime, or, if needed, you will refer to somebody externally.

I remembered when I learned that from the four doctors that work at McGill, only the absent Hashana was willing to see over HRT of trans patients.

I had my rescheduled meeting with Louis and talked about the plans for the following weeks.

Clara had proposed me two options for plans for last night. The first one was a chill night at a games pub where we could drink some beers. The second one was a readaptation of the one I had proposed before our departure, a night of wine, pizza and winter socks.

I met her, again, at the exit of Station Jarry. This time, as a bookend of her good-bye kiss outside my apartment back in December, I went to kiss her mouth before hugging her. We walked back to my place talking about my adventure in the airport.

She brought me two bottles of wine, one red and one white, and a fridge magnet of Rouen.

We spent most of the night lying down on my couch, in a close conversation interrupting the mix of songs that kept playing in front of us by Youtube. As the night went on and we kept refilling our glasses, we got closer to each other. By midnight, she was fully reclined on my chest, wrapping the arm of the hand that caressed her thigh with hers as if they were snakes.

"Obviously you can stay the night," I offered her, after several times through the night I flinched as she started talking, fearing she would let me know of her departure.

We did not move to my bed until after 2H.

Clara asked me if I had a side of the bed. After I answered, she picked the one facing the window.

We changed in front of each other without modesty nor desire. I noticed her tattoos on her arms and thigh, and that she was not wearing a bra under her sleeveless gray undershirt. O lend her the white leggings that I bought in my last trip. 

Under the covers I continued reaching out to hold her. We both fell asleep without kissing a second time in the night. 

Around 4H, I got up and went to the toilette. Not much later, she echoed my actions. I heard her hit the couch in the darkness and asked her if she was alright as she got under her covers again. I invited her in my arms again. I started by kissing her cheek. Maybe it was two times. I reached her face and pulled it to mine. I kissed her lips. The first one lead to the second which lead to the third; with each new one being charged with intention and desire. I repositioned myself on top of her. We were kissing almost desperately before I asked her if I could take her clothes off.

In the morning, I heard her whisper, "Sofi." I woke up and looked towards her. 

She informed me that she would be leaving in 10 minutes. She sit up with her back on the headrest, I moved with her placing my head above her left breast. She continued holding me and pulling lone curls of my hear as I slept for the remaining time I had with her. 

The alarm clock started sounding and she used that as a signal for her leaving. I walked her to the door of my apartment. I returned to bed and slept for almost all of the remaning daylight. 

I went to pick-up the traveller's notebook I ordered yesterday. I passed by Metro to get some groceries.

I might be getting sick. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, January 12th, 2025
Date: 2025-01-12
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 84

"well fuck"it gets even worse"  I ate the last slice of margheritta pizza with two servings of undercooked pasta. I refilled the half-drunk glass of red wine to sit down and write.

It was an exhausting weekend in several ways.

I woke up relatively early from the sunlight coming through the opened drapes. I grabbed the alarm clock and turned it off 25 minutes before it was supposed to start. My first project of the day was to try to open up the malfunctioning olympus pen that Miguel bought for me. The winding mechanism stopped working correctly the first couple of days after I put in the first roll of Kodak Gold 200. I remember trying it out in the small plaza when my mom asked me to buy her some nachos while we were both waiting for Les to have her psychiatrist appointment. I got stuck when I couldn't open up the lens. It turns out I do need a lens wrench. It should be arriving tomorrow. For now, all the pieces are organizedly scattered on my desktop, waiting.

The second chore was to do laundry. I washed the sheets—both the ones I took off a month ago the weekend before my departure when Clara was supposed to come visit, and the other set on which we both slept this weekend after I came back. I washed also the full laundry basket that got filled with the clothes I could not wash in Tijuana since the washer, like my camera, stopped working.

A recurring theme in my recent therapy sessions is the anxiety of not being able to access my HRT. The plan ahead was fairly straightforward; Dr Perera would give me a year-long prescription to bridge the period before my referral to endocrinology. Today I saw a story from transpatients in instagram. The first one I saw was a response stating that the only physician offering trans care was going to be absent soon. I did not realize that it was a response to their 1-day old post talking about Dr Perera's maternity leave.

"As of late Dec 2024, Dr. Perera is on leave until Jan 2026. Dr Perera is the only doctor at the McGill Student Wellness Hub providing hormone replacement therapy and surgery recommendation letters to patients. The TPU is very disappointed that while Dr. Perera is on leave, there will be no doctors at the Hub supervising HRT, and that instead her patients will be referred to the Hygea endocrinology clinic. The Hub has dozens of doctors, yet none of them are willing to provide HRT. In Quebec, any general practitioner can supervise HRT."

There was a comment under the post, from one of the patients affected by this. They mentioned that when they called the Hyega clinic to make an appointment, they were informed that because of the long waitlist, the closest available day was in November. I won't be a student by then anymore.

This weekend I started researching about monotherapy with injectable oestrogen. A single vial that can last around a year cost between 65 and 85 USD. There is a store that ships from the US. A vial of estrogen cypionate, including the shipping to Canada would cost me 115 USD. There is a small risk of it being intercepted and held at customs. I thought about ordering several vials to my father's PO box. I could pay a week-long round trip to pick it up. Maybe pay for Miguel's or Sonny's visit if they bring them to me. I thought about my mom, but I don't think she would be able to get here without speaking English nor French, not again.

Moments ago, while I was venting to Majo, I shared with her how if my first try of getting the vial delivered to Canada fails, I'll order 2 or 3 to San Diego. I'll travel in March to pick them up, and hopefully, if the Vienna conference is confirmed, I might be able to get to pay for my flight from San Diego to Europe one or two weeks before April. I have around 5 pills of spiro left, before I refill my last 30-day prescription. I'll have spiro until mid February, and a couple more days of estradiol pills. I remembered the unused anticonceptive injection I have in my stash. It won't expire until April, so that gives me another week. The longest I would have to go without hormones would be one month, if everything goes badly. 



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, January 16th, 2025
Date: 2025-01-16
Num Words: 760
Num Minutes: 76

"Why what's happening ?"  I had no idea and at the same time it was no surprise at all.

The last time I masturbated back in my old bed, the mattress ended up soiled, like it used to get many years ago. I lost weight without trying. Maybe that is why people tended to perceive me male, because for the past few weeks I have been one again.

Monday I went to the office. We had a lab meeting where we talked about Louis grant. He mentioned how he had picked it up during the winter break and was really happy about it; hopeful even. Any moment now until the end of the month he would be receiving a response and reviews. If needed, we would all gather again and prepare to resubmit to the next opening in the Spring.

We have all been receiving bad news this week.

After the meeting, I met with Alda at Thomson. We might have not lasted a full minute before we decided to move to another bar where we would be more private. I told her about my Friday date with Clara, and then I vented about the problem that I might have with the doctors and looking for hormones. I ate a mexican sandwich and she herself got a burger. I had only one pint of beer for the whole afternoon. By the end of it, I had almost no voice left. 

The next morning I woke up incapable of speak at all. I went like that to the laboratory where the drew my blood. There was no issue. The phlebotomist was a kind lady who had patience with my french. She told me the results would be ready by the end of the afternoon. 

I came home and drank one or two mugs of hot tea trying to calm my throat by the second half of the morning when I would have my session with Fabiola. I asked Sonny if she believed that Fabiola would be willing to have my session with me writing on the Zoom's chat. 

At 11h when I logged into the call, I had a bit of voice enough to explain the situation to her. She asked me what I wanted to do and offered me to reschedule. Without saying that I really needed that day's session, I declined her offer. 

On the very last minutes, moments before my voice finally failed exhausted, she asked me how was everything making me feel. I shrugged and smiled. Slowly, my smile started fading and I started crying. Quiet whimpers turned into full sobs. I covered my face as if I had not just showed her a bit of my worst inner worries. 

I don't remember if it was that night or the one before. My mom replied to my texts saying that Lupita, Hector's wife, my childhood physician, had told her that they did not know anyone who performed that kind of surgery. I started feeling frustrated and impotent. I remembered how the Urologist I had consulted years ago in Mexico City, as he was explaining to me the procedure, mentioned that it was so simple that any general surgeon would perform it for a lower price than an urologist. 

I was able to make an account with Biron. I lied about my sex at birth. My results were indeed ready before the evening. I logged in and checked the mostly green-coloured data numbers. The ones that interested me the most were at the bottom. One, green, a bit higher than expected, and the other one, orange, much worse than I could imagine. 

My body is and feels male. 

It has been like these for the past few weeks. I was not aware of it, or not consciously. Now there is nothing I can do about it. 

The transpatientsunion account posted an about later in the week about how the wait times at Hyega are even longer than Perera's leave of absence. I called at the Wellness Hub and they gave me an appointment—after putting me on hold for 2-3 minutes—for next Friday. I bought crypto and placed the order for the vial of estrogen. Tomorrow or maybe the day after I will call to refill my last prescription for hormones in the near future. 

Even if Dr Perera cautiously extended my prescription before the holidays, even if the new faceless and probably transphobic MD accepts to give me a bridging prescription, I think I will start injecting myself with the estrogen. 

If I  do receive it, of course.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, January 17th, 2025
Date: 2025-01-17
Num Words: 776
Num Minutes: 42

"hey cee, what would you prefer to do?"  I was, and continue to be, exhausted.

I stay in bed for all morning. I do not remember if I put an alarm at all. I fell back in that dangerous habit of starting my weekend after my meeting with Louis.

Yesterday it was different. I finished the CFA for the cognitive domains and even made some tables with unexpected and interesting results. Louis thought that we should schedule a meeting with Sylvia or Madeline next week. Depending on their thoughts we would decide how to move forward. Once that is done, I will be ready to start scheduling my Thesis Seminar.

I woke up this morning with close to a dozen emails in my McGill's inbox. Some of them were Louis'. He sent me some information about his search for the HC labels by Jenn's team. Another one was a thread confirming a meeting next week with Mallar to talk about my results. Last night, Majo told me that Mallar had postponed the second candidacy of Houssein, since he had a family emergency.

Majo must be on the air right now. She told me she would be arriving at midnight in Montréal. It is weird how much I have missed her texts this afternoon. I might reach to her a couple of minutes after midnight asking her about her experience in immigration.

We were supposed to go out tomorrow. I was gonna buy her a coffee after the success of her insistent advice of me using perfume. She asked me to postpone it to Sunday. Oscar, her colombian friend is in Montréal for the weekend and she wanted to see him before his departure on Sunday.

Yesterday I superficially summarized my situation related to the hormones to Clara. She had seen the message by the time I had woken up, but not replie to it. I was midway through my cup of coffee when I decided to text her again bringing up the idea of seeing each other again. I asked her which would prefer between my original idea of going somewhere nice as a late birthday dinner or staying casual and watching either Before Sunrise or Princess Mononoke.

You haven't seen it?, she asked last week after she undressed and I saw the tatoo of the dagger in her thigh, we are watching it right now! 

"no se me han quitado las ganas ahogadas de llorar desde el fin de semana," I wrote in Sonny's WhatsApp conversation.

Earlier today I was worrying of a rejection test. Maybe her lack of response was a hesitance born from our night together. Perhaps she just wanted ot have sex with me and have completed her objective, or the sex was so disappointed that it had been enough to put her off the idea of continuing seeing me. 

Clara's time to answer is not anything new. That is not it. I feel insecure. I keep looking at myself in the full-body mirror that I finally got after living here without one for more than a year. I search for more hints of maleness. Signs of the dreaded chemicals that my body stubbornly produces and poisons my mind with. I told Majo about the last time that my Testosterone levels were this high—how even if look at the pictures of that year, it is impossible the pinpoint which ones are from the period of time where my body was again male. 

A couple of hours ago Clara replied saying she was sorry that it was happening and asking if there was a fair chance that it would not need to occur. The second text was not a response to my two-choice question. She said that the idea sounded nice, but warned me that she is busy and feeling out of place. She is moving in two weeks—I suppose by the end of January—and showing her room this weekend. She asked me when was I thinking for my idea. 

My white coffee travel cup that I brought from Mexico when I started my PhD broke this week. Trying to handle it together with the electric kettle I dropped it and broke the little piece of the lid cover. I don't feel comfortable anymore putting it in the backpack since now it can spill. I bought another one from Amazon this afternoon. It is red and larger, it is supposed to arrive some time tomorrow. I do not think I'll have any reason to get out of the house, so I will be here to receive it. 

I will call the pharmacy to pick my last prescription of hormones Sunday before seeing María. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, January 18th, 2025
Date: 2025-01-18
Num Words: 751
Num Minutes: 30

 According to Dr. Perera, other Wellness Hub doctors  should  know to refer patients seeking HRT to Hygea, and to refill the existing prescriptions of any patients worried about running out while on the Hygea wait list. 

Patients should remember that they can ask for a copy of their endocrinology referral and submit it to any endo clinic, public or private. If patients ask for a general referral for HRT they can use it at any Montréal clinic with providers willing to prescribe HRT.   Was it today or yesterday that I scanned the latest two film rolls?

I woke up before noon, despite being the weekend. I had no plans and no reason to shower or get out of the apartment. I had messages from Majo and Sonny.

This morning I made my coffee iced for the first time since I've been back.

I called the pharmacy to renew my prescription for hormones. I have only one spiro pill left for tomorrow morning. Like the past few times, I pressed 1 to continue with the options in French that I have memorized. This time, after typing the code of the first bottle, I got back a different notice informing me that my prescription was coming to an end and mentioning something about calling my doctor for an appointment that I only half understood. I panicked and hung up, thinking that the request would be cancelled. The next time that the robotic voice offered me to choose a language to proceed I picked the safest option. I tried putting in the same code that I had done before, but I got notified of an error due to already being an existing active request for that prescription. I continued with the second bottle of pills. I then confirmed what I thought I had gotten from the first voice warning. It was just letting me know that this would be the last refill and to schedule an appointment with the Dr in order to not run out of my medications. I continued with the process and chose a pick-up time for tomorrow noon.

I texted Majo, to tell her what I had just done, and a share a glimpse of the newly awaken anxiety that it had caused me. Not even 5 minutes later, I got a call from the pharmacy. I picked it up and started in French. It was the pharmacist—or maybe an assistant—informing me that they had just gotten the request and wanted to confirm that I had already scheduled an appointment with my Dr. I answered with a half-truth saying that I would see them next Friday. That seemed to appease them and mentioned something about the pharmacist. We hung up.

All day I was hoping for a text of Clara telling me that she could come tonight if I were free.

"but if you need to sort your living situation out, don’t feel pressured. as much as i wanna see you or in need of a hug, i can wait"

Was I lying, or why is it so difficult to be patient?

Her latest message she liked she warned me that she was feeling upset about her moving and having to show her room this weekend. She still did not reject the ideas and instead asked me for a time. Maybe I should have proposed a day.

I thought some time today about how I am nervous—is it fear or anxiety?—of having the conversation about what we expect from each other. I can sense that our interest is unbalanced. The expectations that I carelessly let grow will most probably not be met.

Yet, she did not shut down the idea of buying the ticket. She was not eager to have sex with me, since it was me who reached out to her after we both had already given up on the night by falling asleep. She did bring her toothbrush in her totebag, planning to stay the night. We have been going at it slowly.

I do not know how to read her. I should not try to guess.

incluso si se acabara hoy mismo, es lo mejor que me ha ido en todo lo que llevo en Mtl. 

I chatted with Paty tonight. She had posted some stories with tall glasses of cocktails. The last one I commented was her losing count on the probably-1lt-tall cups around the fourth or fifth.

"weeeyyy sigues viva"

"No. Gracias por preguntar."

"para eso estamos"

"No me digas wey. Soy tu futura esposa."



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, January 19th, 2025
Date: 2025-01-19
Num Words: 767
Num Minutes: 51

 The snow was falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling on all the living and the dead. 

-The Room Next Door, 2024.   I first thought about writing today were my only plans of the whole week, but that is not entirely true. Earlier this week, I met with Alda and had early dinner and a pint.

I grabbed my phone like every other morning looking at the new notifications. I had posted another post-midnight story before falling asleep. It was one of the two shots I took at the metro station in Mexico City before being apprached by the security guard to inform me that I needed a permit from the city to take pictures of the metro. This was the failed shot. Unplanned and hurried, with a trembling hand. Blurried and unfocused.

En el murmullo de venas eléctricas,  el movimiento nos desdibuja.  Nombres se desvanecen,  anhelos dispersos como luces en los rieles.  Aquí, entre reflejos y sombras,  nos cruzamos sin mirarnos, sin saber siquiera  si seguimos siendo nosotras. 

I texted with Majo early in the morning before getting out of bed. Our original plan was to meet at Jarry station at noon. She confessed that she had not showered already and proposed instead to meet an hour later.

I remained in bed making use of the fact that her way to me was much longer than mine. I showered and got ready with plenty of time to spare despite getting out of bed at 11h. My room feels emptier and spacier just by the fact that I've cleaned my closet and by the addition of this new full body mirror.

I waited for Majo at the same spot that I've waited twice for Clara. She made no mention of noticing that it was the second time that I've put on perfume. I had completely forgotten it until Majo mentioned going first to the pharmacy before stopping at the café. It was uneventful. I asked for my meds and paid for them. 30 more days.

We sat down downstairs at Ouis mais non. We talked about the elephant that Sonny and I bought for Majo. I told her about my weekend with Clara. We chatted about her friendship with Aliza.

We took the 55 bus towards Le Plateau and got off at Prince Arthur. The plan was to go see the newest movie of Pedro Almodóvar. She brought it up as of sharing a thought outloud. I mentioned that I had just seen it at the timesheet of cinéma du parc, and offered her to go together. My plans with Majo tend to be like those with Alda, spontaneously born like a sudden rain in summer.

We got to La cité with an hour to spare. We looked for places to eat and settled on the noodle place in front of the theater. She got sour chicken, I got fried rice.

The movie was nothing special. As we were walking to the metro, we both mentioned how it might have been that some of the emotion was lost in language. Online I read that this might be Pedro's first English movie.

When the movie first ended and we were sitting still in the darkness as the credits rolled, we thought about other of his films that we have enjoyed. She mentioned Volver and La piel que habito. I brought up Todo sobre mi madre and Malas educaciones. I think it was her who mentioned doing a marathon of his movies. Before the movie started, it was also her who mentioned once going to the movies by inviting Clara. At that moment I confessed how, despite me really liking the idea of bringing her, could not imagine Clara doing the same for me with her friends. Her world seems far away and restricted for me.

I had been waiting all weekend for a response of hers. When I started to write I was just thinking that I would not mind if I did not hear from her before Tuesday that I would bring up her name and the night we spent together in my session with Fabiola. Another confession to Majo was how the idea that our future together has an expiration date scares me.

This time I saw her name in a notification in my computer. In her first text she asked me about the reason why I am changing Drs; in her second she apologized in case she were being intrusive.

You could never be intrusive, I wanted to tell her. Since the night we met I wanted to tell you all of my secrets. 

