===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-01 ===
=== TITLE: Thursday, February 1st, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 760 ===
=== MINUTES: 2 ===
=== BODY ===
 Hey, Sophie, I've been thinking about you. I get you're going through a tough time. Hope you're doing okay. I would love to hear from you whenever you're ready.   Now, I will never now if given enough time she would have reached out.

We started watching Lovesick. It's a series about a british guy who has been diagnosed with chlamydia and thus has to reach out to his past sexual partners to notify them. It's an anthology series of the different stories about how he met them, entangled with the present time where he's having feelings for his best friend who is engaged to some other guy.

I don't remember exactly when I watched it, but I know I like it. When we first put it on, I mentioned to Sonny how, Luke, one of the characters, the other member of the trio of best friends, reminds me of Raul's best friend back in Salamanca. Alberto. Last night I could not remember his name. He married... I can't remember hers. The american girl who was doing her master's in education. She was a twin. Even a bigger slob than I was. She called me "human dictionary" a couple of times, even though, back then, I was embarrased to speak english out-loud. I think I have him—probably not her—on Facebook; for a couple of years he would congratulate me on my birthday.

We opened a can of beer and I barely could finish it. Again, like clockwork, I started feeling bad around an hour after taking the pill. I went to bed and left Sonny on the living room to finish the second episode that was still playing.

By then, I had already made up my mind to send the text. The timer would come back down to zero. I could free up my mind. Aliza mentioned that she would definitely reach back if I sent it, yet the possibility that the response would not be of my liking was also brought up.

We're meeting Aliza this evening. We're going to a korean chicken place around her neighborhood. This will be the last time in the near future that Sonny and Aliza will hang out.

In the middle of the night, the light of the monitor in the other side of my apartment creeped out of the division by the bed. Windows had restarted after initiating, unprompted, an update of its system. The computer rebooted but logged in into the Linux partition, which, for some reason, its logscreen doesn't go to sleep when inactive. We let it be for a time.

It was around midnight—or was it 4?—when I got up and shut it down. I used the opportunity to go to the restroom before coming back to bed.

A couple of minutes past 4, I was resigned of not going back to sleep. I browsed my phone for a bit, instead of the usual tossing and turning. At around 6 am, I decided to get up and shower.

The water has been clogging for the past few days—or is it weeks?—, yesterday I put the full kettle on and dumped the boiling water down the drain. With the bubbling the dark edges of a hairball started surfacing to the top. I used my tweezers to pick it up and pull it from the little holes of the drain. I got maybe half of it. It was not a full remedy but it did help.

I sent the text after I had come out of the bathroom, at around 6:50 am. It bothers me, the amount of purple that is overloading the screen. 28 minutes ago, the timer restarted just like I wanted. I threw away the possibility of proving me wrong and letting her resurface just like I did after three weeks away, in exchange for some peace of mind.

It's not on me. I reached out. I did everything that I could have done. Now, if she doesn't reply, if this is indeed like all those every other conversations that just naturally ended, then it was always because it was just not meant to be.

The funny thing is that, even after all this time, I never told her that I am trans. There is always that possibility that she does come back, that we do meet again, and that my being is a dealbreaker. I have not forgotten about that.

31 minutes and counting. We're meeting Aliza in less than 12 hours. I will tell her that I sent the text. I won't have anything else to say.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-02 ===
=== TITLE: Friday, February  2, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 750 ===
=== MINUTES: 28473 ===
=== BODY ===

===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-03 ===
=== TITLE: Saturday, February 3rd, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 1710 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 It's those crumbs of attention mixed with the ignoring/avoiding parts that does it for me.  I did not do the words last night. The day was full with work, errands and a night of celebration.

Today I got up and had breakfast, but other than that we did not get out of bed until 14H. I showered and noticed how the drain is even more clogged than before. Last night we finished both of our film rolls. I could get some Draino on my way back from the photo lab. Photo St-Denis closed at 17H. I was irritated with life and that anger transpired towards Sonny. When I got out of the shower she asked me if I was going to go out, and if she could come with me.

I took the small camera that I bought yesterday, I could buy a cheap roll to try it out. We got off at Sherbrooke and walked towards the place. It was full. The line to the counter came all the way to the stairs by the entrance. When it was our turn, we picked up our negatives, left the two complete rolls and bought another two. They will be ready on Monday.

From there, we took a bus and went towards Laurier. I offered Sonny to get some gnocchis at La drogheria fine. While on the bus, I bought some tickets for Tótem, a file by a mexican filmmaker that was being projected at Cinema Moderne.

We walked with our chinese takeout boxes towards la brasserie that Alda and I once went to, where we sat at their terrace and had a pint with fries. We sat at the benches that were outside the windows. We sat to have our food and I put the new cheap film to the Kodak Pony II. I took a couple of pictures of Sonny to try it out. The guys on the other side of the window inside the bar noticed me and posed for the picture.

I did not like the movie. I was annoyed at the family. Sonny did. She liked it more than Poor Things, she said. She might have said that just to annoy me.  Yesterday I went to the lab by myself, unlike the day before. I had promised Louis that I'd be there to meet the prospective student. I left the house around 8H. I was the first person to arrive at our office. I continued working on the code for the HVR paper. Daniel arrived not much later.

I found this ad in Fb Marketplace for a vintage Kodak Pony II camera. It was working and in great condition. It was only 35$. I took a screencap and sent it to Sonny. It was cheaper than the price we had found for the helios lens that she'd buy from me in order to take the Pentax Spotmatic with her. I sent a message to the seller.

When Louis and the student came to the office and started chatting with us, my watch vibrated notifying me of the response from the seller. Apparently, some people had inquired about it but hadn't confirmed yet. He proposed to me to give it until lunchtime, if they still didn't respond, the camera was mine.

At around 11, after Neda had arrived and all three of us talked to the computer science student, the seller came back to tell me that they were not picking the camera today. I asked in return if that meant it was up for grabs, and confirmed saying that if that were the case I could come to his after work. We agreed to meet at 18H.

In one of our group chats, Sonny had proposed to Alda to meet at our house and drink the wine she brought us. She said she would be at her sister's to watch RuPaul, but could come maybe at 10 if that was an option. In the end she told us that she would cancel with her sister and come earlier.

Daniel was the first person to leave. I don't remember if Neda was still there when I took my stuff at 16H30. I was hungry and considered buying something—a pizza, maybe?—at McGill station. There were no pizza places at that station. I took off on Guy Concordia and bought two beef curry pastries at Cocobun. I put them in my backpack and continued my trip towards Du College station, almost at the end of the orange line.

I made a stop at a Tim Hortons on the way and ordered a medium black coffee. The cashier kept responding to me in english even though I made the order in french. I sat by the window and had my pastried and my coffe during the 20 minutes that I had until 18H.

I texted Sonny and told her to go to La fruiterie to get some cheese and grapes for our wine. She asked me to get some beers on my way. I confirmed with the seller and went on my way. He lived with his parents, who were in the living room while he opened the door to let me in. We stayed at the entrance when he showed me the camera. I declined his offer to use a dummy roll he had brought and just gave him the cash. On my way back I took the bus to the metro station.

Before Alda arrived, we watched the first half of Past Lives. Alda brought cookies and a can of kombucha. Sonny cut the cheeses while I rinsed the grapes. We put the cutting board with the charcuterie on the long table and sat around it. We read the tarot. We listened to some music while we talked. The second half of the night we played with the pornographic deck of cards she gave us. It was a nice night.

I walked Alda to her Uber outside the house at around 2H.  After finishing my words in the early morning, I took my clothes and went to take a shower. All clean and with my hair dripping wet, I went back to my room half-dressed to wake Sonny up, since she would come to me to the lab this time. I grabbed my phone and noticed that I had already gotten a response. I caught a glimpse of the first couple of words of the notification at the top, above the other two ones that said that Sophie had liked my messages. I quickly closed it. I did not want to read it then. I was not ready to read her apology about not replying to me and that, despite how nice I have been, she was not in the best position to continue seeing me. Or maybe she would say that, after some thinking, she was not ready to go out with anyone at this moment. Perhaps, she had found someone, like Alda had warned me. Whatever it was, I did not want to see it yet.

I had proposed to Sonny to pass by la boulangerie, but when I told her I was considering not getting a croissant, we decided against it. We took the metro to Sherbrooke station and then caught the 24 bus.

We got to the office. This time, we entered through the parking lot of the stadium. I showed her the atrium with the neuron and then my office. We left our stuff before going to café vienna so she could get something for breakfast. I ordered her a BLT and we sat by the window. 

She read the message. I had told her not to tell me anything about what it said. It didn't take much for her to convince me to just open it and read it myself. 

Hi Sofia! I'm really sorry for not responding. It has been a though time, but I think I'm coming out on the other side of it. Appreciate you understanding and reaching out, and would love to see you. 

Like some other texts before, she signed this with a red heart.

For some reason, I was not relieved. Did it mean we would then actually meet? What could I tell her, or ask her? What was then to say in what was now my turn? Whatever it was I did not want to think about it. 

When we were on our way back, we intended to take the lift, but it was not moving. I was in the middle of failing to convince her to take the stairs, when the doors closed. I got downstairs and saw how she was talking with Louis. Apparently, he had gone out of the office after she had just gotten out of the elevator. 

"Are you looking for someone?"

"No, I am waiting for someone."

"Oh, I see you found whom you were looking for!", he came back to say when I join her. 

Sonny worked under the neuron, while I went back to my office. Around noon we went to the café again for lunch. We shared a burger. After my meeting with Louis, she said that hers had been cancelled. We went to Thomson House. We had a pitcher of beer with a basket of wedges. I can't remember what we talked about, but it was enough to last us a second pitcher of beer instead of our original plan of going to the McGill's book store.

We took the metro to meet Aliza at the korean place in Verdun. We would have arrived at the same time, were not for the stop we had to do on the way so Sonny could relieve herself on the back parking lot of a building.

When I had told Alda, she had said to wait a day before replying. I settled with myself to text her that night, as a compromise with myself. In the first portion of our last meeting with Aliza before her departure to Miami, she convinced me to reply to Sophie right then and there. 

I'm honestly very glad to read you're doing better. I'd love to see you, too. Whenever it works for you, I'm pretty free in the near future. 

With those words sent off, I continued our night with Aliza.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-04 ===
=== TITLE: Sunday, February 4th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 832 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 You just need to practice "Speaking" more; because that is one of the most important parts of the test.   Technically it's Monday now. Even though I did not take the pills last night, I had to go to bed very early. It was not even 9pm yet, when we both gave up on whatever it was on TV and turned all the lights down before going to bed. When I grabbed my phone, it was only 1am.

I've been looking into hinge less and less. It's not that I don't hope she's going to reach out. I do hope for it, I just don't like admitting it. I pretend that I believe she won't, but deep down long to be proved wrong. Except, now it's less and less like that.

When I talked with Alda about it, she proposed again to propose to cook for her. She actually did that with Soud as a second date. She got fixated on him, too. Her therapist told her that whenever she felt the urge to reach out, to distract herself with activities or friends. I said that I would not text again at least until Sonny left.  In the morning, Sonny was the first to get out of bed. She had agreed to meet with both Alda and Veronica to go to Mass. This time, the would not try to go to that church by NDG, but a closer one around station Berri UQAM. We had thrown around the idea of me catching up with them and going for brunch.

We had this thing, where we make use of the time of the other one leaving—be it me going to the lab, or, like this time, her going to church—to masturbate. I was still in bed when I heard the door close behind her. I put my hands inside my shorts and, still under the covers, turned towards the wall. It didn't take me long to finish. It had been a while since the last time. This time it was not as clean as usual, except I didn't notice it. Later, I went to the restroom and saw the spots on both my underwear and my shorts. I felt disgusted with myself, but the feeling faded pretty quickly.

We didn't have any more coffee. I asked her to bring some on her way back. I sat on the couch in the living room and continued watching "Mr and Mrs Smith". I was not paying too much attention. My phone vibrated with messages from Alda. It was close to noon. She was inviting me to catch up. Do brunch. I could get free coffee. At first, I was hesitant. I did not want to shower or get out. She didn't have to push too hard before I started convincing myself. I sent her a text letting her now of my change of mind and asking her for where to meet. I put some clothes and left towards the metro.

I did not get a response—either a text or a pick up to my calls—until I was waiting for the metro. I tried Sonny, too, but she probably didn't have any data. I was sincerely annoyed. Alda was very apologetic. I was aware I was overly irritated and probably projecting my own frustrations of not being replied to by other person. She proposed paying for my food, but I told her not to worry about it.

We met at Ginkgo. They were already inside, but still not yet seated when I arrived. Since we didn't have a reservation, they sat us in a table with swings. Me and Alda were the ones who took those seats. They were not as uncomfortable as they looked.

We had a pitcher of Paloma with our food. The waitress replied to us always in French, despite the fact that Vero and Alda would fall back to English. Sonny was proud of herself for ordering in French.

From there, we got an Uber to bifteck. I was surprised that Vero joined us. We bought two pitchers of stout beer and Vero had a rhum and coke. There was a women's hockey match on the televisions. I can't remember what we talked about.

Alda got us an Uber to La Banquise. The waitress served us in English. They sat us next to two québécoises women. I didn't have a poutine there. I had the idea of waiting and getting one from ma poule mouillée as take-out. Sonny and I shared a beer. We paid our bills, but didn't leave soon enough. The waitress came and kicked us out gently, letting us know they had a long line waiting for a table.

I ordered my poutine at the portuguese restaurant in French, but the woman had trouble understanding me. I had told Sonny a couple of days ago, how I feel stupid speaking in French.

When we got home, I barely had a half of my food before giving up on the day.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-05 ===
=== TITLE: Monday, February 5th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 750 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 I miss my body.  I was excited about receiving the photo scans today. I had been waiting for those pictures of Cuba for a while.

I woke up in the early morning, before the sun rose, and went to the living room to do the words in the dark. I worry that I will have nothing to write about when Sonny leaves. I am anxious about her departure. The bed will feel empty without her. The apartment will be colder. There will be something missing from my days.

I went back to bed and slept until mid-morning. Whenever that passes, I open up the mail just to check there is nothing from Louis and go turn my back towards the day. This was such the case, that I even asked Sonny to go to the café to get the bag of coffee beans that had run out. I half-expected her to say no. To keep postponing her getting out of bed. She actually went and I stayed in bed. I considered masturbating again, but didn't.

She came back around noon and I brewed coffee for both us. I had not yet finished my cup of coffee by the time the e-mail with the WeTransfer link arrived.

In the morning, while I was still half-awake, I even considered offering Sophie to exchange instagram with the intention of sharing with her the pictures I had taken in Cuba. I could come out of nowhere and excitedly tell her that the pictures I had waited for so long were there.

The pictures were shit.

I liked more the ones taken with Sonny's camera. The coloured effects of the flash gave the shots some sort of nostalgic aura.

Sonny asked me to send her the pictures. She brought up that I haven't still shared with her all of the other film pictures that I've taken these past years. With that in mind, I opened up my Google account and went back in the years in order to clean the clutter and give some organization to the mess.

I saw my body change shapes. Being thinner and thinner after breaking up with Catherine. Gaining weight after moving to DC and starting the relationship with Sonny. Losing it again when I came to Montréal. Gaining it again. My hair would get longer and longer until it became short. Then it kept grewing once again until this new year's when it got even shorter.

I deleted all of the memes and all of the screenshots of conversations. I read the countless snapshots of "I did not feel a connection"; several occasions of offers of staying friends just to disappear for ever.  I'm in the middle of French class. The professor is explaining the significance and use of the words "itinérants" and "mechants". I can't focus. I can't do this anymore.  Just 300 more words. It seems such a hardious task. I'd like to go to bed and sleep for the rest of the week, were it not for the fact that after Friday I will go back to waking up alone.

I don't know if I want to text her because I feel sad or I feel sad because I want to text her.

During class I posted one of the pictures from Sonny's roll. The one where Alda and I are in the shot in my living room, in front of the cutting board full with cheeses and grapes. I am holding the Kodak camera I had just bought.

Someone was saying something in class, when Sonny came towards me and told me that Alda had asked me to take it down. I grabbed my phone and saw a bunch of texts—not too different to the one I sent her yesterday morning—asking me to take of the tag or, better yet, crop the picture. She didn't like how her hair looked.

I don't judge her. I know how that feels. I apologized and took down the picture immediately. I cropped it just like she suggested and reposted with a bunch of other portraits that Sonny have taken.

I don't care about the likes. I don't care how many people have seen them.

When class ended I felt like crying. I lied down on the couch while Sonny cooked her own dinner. I put on some songs on Youtube until she finished. We had dinner together and I took my pills. Yesterday I skipped them.

I'm at the exact the same spot I was two years ago.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-11 ===
=== TITLE: Sunday, February 11th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 1222 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 Yesterday I finally got the pictures from Cuba developed. I wanted to text you about it, but idk if you'd prefer some space for now. 

The house feels empty and silent.

Wednesday I skipped French. I had to go to the lab that day. We had a meeting with Pedro's team to talk about the abstracts we submitted using their data. Neda started talking about her disease offset staging methods. Reza was next with the Brain Age Gap measure from his Neural Network. Lastly, I spoke about the mediation models of amyloid and tau on cognition. Pedro did not like mine. He asked me about the research question, implying that my main results are something well-known already. He asked me about the advantages of using structural equation modeling rather than a conventional interaction. I answered him to the best of my knowledge, but I was still stumped by his questions. When we walked back to the office, Neda made a comment saying how she liked the way I answered.

I left early the office. Sonny and Alda were supposed to meet at Namur station and go shopping at some outlets that Sonny had found online. The original plan was for me to meet them later in the evening when they went to the McGill's Bookstore. I intercepted their meeting meeting Sonny at station Bonaventure after taking the 107 bus. We met Alda at the third-to-last station of the orange line.

We went to the first store. When we passed the parking lot, I saw a Dollarama and decided to go in and see if they had some Drano. I asked them to go ahead to the store and I would meet them later. When I got the shelves with the white bottles, they came up to me. The store was closed.

We went to the first one that was right besides the station. I got a pair of shorts, three t-shirts and two bralettes. Sonny got some pants, a t-shirt—matching with mine—, and a coat. Alda got herself some stuff, too. Later that night, she would send us pictures of her fits.

We skipped the McGill's store and went directly to the Plateau to meet with Veronica for dinner at La Arepera. She, much like Pedro earlier, was not impressed. After eating and getting our checks, we went for some drinks at Else's to finish the night.

All four of us walked together to Sherbrooke station. Veronica left first. I offered to stay with Alda to wait for the 144 bus. We told them there about the movie we would watch the next day. The first women-directed movie in Québec, La vie rêvée. She went online and got herself a ticket.

Walking home, I offered to get us some beers and chips. Sonny asked me for the keys, since she really needed to go to restroom. I asked her not to lock the door and we went our one ways at the corner of the dépanneur. I just opened the first can from the four-pack I bought that night. The unopened bag of flamin' hot cheetos is still on the bar of my kitchen.

When I got to the apartment, the door was locked. I replied to the text of Alda saying that she was home joking that Sonny had locked me out. Less than 3 minutes, later I see her opening the entrance door.

She had to make a stop at a nearby alley. When she told me while grabbing her pajama pants and getting into the restroom, I did not believe her. When she got out from her shower, she warned me not to look inside. The water from the sink was also pooled and brown-tinted. The unopened bag of Drano stayed in my backpack.   would love to see the photos! I'm back at work next week on Wednesday/Friday on campus if you want to do lunch at Thomson house or something together! 

For the first time since I could remember, I stopped waiting for a notification. She had sent hearts before but this was the first time they were more than one and at the beginning of the text. Unlike the previous time, I opened it immediately.

Sonny went to Dollarame and bought a plunger. It was more effective than the Drano that I used on the sink.

I had my meeting with Louis at home. An hour later, Sonny had hers. Our plan for her last night was to get some gnocchis before the movie. Then we would meet with Aliza at Church to welcome her back.

We got off at Sherbrooke and walked to pick up the negatives. We then walked towards the stop for the same bus that we used the last time. It wasn't until we stepped off than I realized the place might not be open. We hesitated about where to eat. We considered Siboire St-Laurent—the bar that Alda liked that time we had some fries at their terrace—and Dieu du ciel!, but in the end we went directly to Cinema Moderne and got ourselves a sandwich. We sat the the corner table by the entrance. Alda joined us with enough time to spare to get herself a drink and for me to get a second one and a bowl of popcorn.

There were talks with the director before and after the movie. At the end, when I told Sonny they had said they were wrapping up, she asked me if that meant she could raise her hand. She mentioned how it was fate for her to watch that movie on her last day of vacations in Montréal. Some people clapped for her. She later met the director. I took some pictures with them.

I invited Alda to join us to meet Aliza, but she said no. Aliza texted us saying that maybe we could meet at her house instead. Sonny and I could get some drinks on the way and maybe order some food. We tried to get into the Metro on the way, but the night-shift workers that were just going to told me "C'est fermé". 

This time I did remember the code to get inside Aliza's building. We had kung-pao chicken and dumplings at Aliza. She asked me about updates with Sophie, and I told her that I had not replied, not because of some straigth advice from Alda, but rather a sincere need for time. 

Aliza invited me to go with her and Liana to watch the Super bowl today. We said our good-byes and left.   Friday we got our gnocchis. We went for a couple of beers to Dieu du ciel!. I took a couple of pictures of her. We came back to our place and I got us an Uber to the airport. I saw her make the line before security and wore my headphones all the way to the 747 bus. 

It was the longest commute home I have ever had.   For the whole weekend the sun didn't come out. I cancelled the plans with Alda and Aliza. I got myself pizza tonight and started rewatching New Girl.

I haven't heard back from Sophie. Sonny thought that she might realize she asked me out on Valentine's and will ask me to postpone. Instead, I just worry that I will meet with her but I won't be enough.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-12 ===
=== TITLE: Monday, February 12th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 824 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 The plans with Julian fell through, and now I really want to go on a date for Valentine's... I really hope I find someone who cares more next time. 

I was the first person to get in the office. I went to bed early and started having side effects from the medication. Just the anguish and uneasiness in bed made me consider again to suspend them indefinitely. I should call and make an appointment with the psychiatrist. The prescription is going to run out in two refills. I can make use of the opportunity and come clean telling him that I suspended them because of the weight gain and the side effects despite still feeling depressed. As I am writing these words, I am thinking about talking with this with Calli. I can hear in my head how she would tell me that I have the right to tell him that and together look for other options. Why doesn't it feel like this?

I postpone the alarm from 7H45 to 8H30. I showered and changed. I made coffee and left. I listened to music the whole way to the lab. I considered walking from station Sherbrooke to the MNI, but decided against it at the last minute.

Neda was the second one to arrive. Then, it was Daniel. Vlad never came. I thought he was supposed to come back from vacations today, but I guess I was mistaken. We had a meeting during which Reza presented a paper. It was one of those days when I get too aware that I am in a room full of engineers.

I asked Louis if he had 3 minutes after the meeting and talked with him about processing the data from PreventAD. A couple of days ago I got an e-mail from someone from Sylvia's team asking to touch base before her departure on vacations. I had completely forgotten about that pending task since before I left to Mexico last year. We set up a meeting for tomorrow at 10H.

I kept working on the graphical abstract the rest of the day. It took me a full day from start to finish. It is a task that I had been postponing since last year, and it took me less than a full 8h shift. When I was almost done, I realized it was already 16H30. I took my stuff, said good-bye to my office mates and left. 

On the way home I made a stop at la fruiterie, I bought some hummus, pitas, ham, a tomato and a pepper. This was despite the fact that I had still the leftovers from yesterday's pizza to have for dinner. 

I got home with 30 min before the start of French class. I skipped the last one, so I was dreading having to give some explanations about it. The professor did reply to my e-mail somewhen during the week-end. The class was nothing special. I get more and more frustrated. I feel so advanced compare to the rest of the people in the class yet I feel like the stupidest person when I try to speak with someone and they fail to understand me. Alda sent me a message today telling me she had made the oral evaluation at the YMCA and they had put her somewhere between B1 and B2 levels. I try not to compare myself to here, yet the first thing I thought when I read it was how whenever we go out, I am the only one who has the initiative to order in French. The waiters can barely understand me when I do it, though. Monica didn't. 

I finished watching Hazbin Hotel during the weekend. I propose Sonny to watch it together while she was here. I can't get one of the songs out of my head. 

Sophie hasn't replied to my text. 

I wrote the text that I meant to send to Tirza telling her that I want to delete Hinge. I give her my number in case she still/ever wants to meet and tell her it was nice meeting her in case she doesn't. I did not send it. 

I think about all the stuff I want to tell Sophie. I think of possible things we could do. I think about whether she will reject me after our date, or I won't get the chance to see her again. No, we will meet. Most probably I will text her tomorrow night asking about meeting the day after and she'll reply Thursday, like the past two times, proposing Friday. We'll change the plans from lunch to a 5 à 7 after work. We'll meet and I'll have a great time. I will neither tell her that I am trans nor ask to kiss her. The whole week-end will pass and after double-texting her for the last time, she will let me down gently and maybe even with a red heart somewhere in the text.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-13 ===
=== TITLE: Tuesday, February 13th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 770 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 Seriously? After being cancelled on twice and waiting a week for a response, you're still considering reaching out again? Come on, you deserve better than that. Stop wasting your time on someone who clearly doesn't prioritize you. It's time to move on and find someone who actually appreciates you. 

...Sure, she's responding, but actions speak louder than words. If she's constantly cancelling plans and taking forever to reply, it doesn't sound like she's genuinely interested or making you a priority. Don't let a few sweet words cloud your judgement. Pay attention to how she's actually treating you. 

Around 1-2H, I turned on the night light, got out of bed and went to the closet to get the fresh set of clean sheets that I did not use all the month that Sonny was here. This time I did not worry about losing the faint smell of the presence of Sonny like I did with Monica's. I changed the sheet, the pillow-cases and the duvet cover. I threw the old ones to the empty clothes hamper and went under the rejuvenated bed. The internet started failing but I didn't care since it was not hard to get to sleep. 

I woke up before the first alarm and automatically went to postpone it. I battled inside my head the opposing ideas of staying home and going to meet Louis in person. Wondering I could wear, I try to open the weather app, but my phone complained instead about connectivity issues. The meeting home would be a no go. I turned off the alarm and decided to skip the shower and just change clothes. The thought about the internet failing even in the afternoon for my French class started worrying me. I despised the idea of having to call Videotron customer service and schedule a meeting with a technician. Something made me think about checking for the lights in the modem and I realize that everything was off on the small box that connects to the router. I turned my head and saw how last night that I threw the sheets to the hamper I had disconnected the plug from the outlet. I decided to stay home at the same time that I threw myself back to my now navy blue bed. 

I did not sleep again. I made coffee and started working. At 10H I sent Louis a text on Teams but he did not see it. I sent him an e-mail. He didn't take long before replying back. We talked for about 20 minutes and came to an agreement of what to do next. 

At noon, I cooked myself some eggs and ham for breakfast. 

Aliza texted me to say that Vlad mentioned he misses me and wants me to go with them to Church this Saturday. I am still unsure if I will go or not. I made no promises, yet the fact that I cancelled my week-end plans with Aliza last time make me lean towards one side of the dilemma. I don't know if I have enough energy to deal with Vlad. 

Years ago I went out with Laura, a Colombian girl who was doing a semester abroad at Université de Montréal. We went to Parc la Fontaine and took some pictures with our film cameras. I did not develop that roll until last month. We still follow each other on Instagram. She posted about this card game "We're not really strangers". Alda had the idea of buying it and playing with Julian, the guy she was saying until recently. He was supposed to come visit her for Valentine's but cancelled last minute. 

I asked Alda if she wanted to play the game together one of these days. I offered to get a bottle of wine, but I suggested thinking of something less romantic after I remembered that yesterday I thought how that would be a great date idea. After a very brief back-and-forth we concluded on meeting Thursday with a bottle of Amaretto and some ginger beers. She mentioned that the game would be very similar to what we already play. Trauma-bonding the drinking game. Maybe it is. I am still excited. Lately, I crave intimacy.

French is getting worse and worse. It's hard to focus. Still, I waited until the class ended this time to start with the words. 

I don't know if I will text Sophie tonight. I am considering sending to Tirza the draft I put in my Notes. I always reach out to Tirza when I get disillusioned with Sophie. 

I know what I should do, but I don't know if I can.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-14 ===
=== TITLE: Wednesday, February 14th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 756 ===
=== MINUTES: 2 ===
=== BODY ===
 Y aún me parece mentira que se escape mi vida imaginando que vuelves a pasarte por aquí, donde los viernes, cada tarde, como siempre, la esperanza dice "quieta, hoy quizás sí". 

I am sitting in a corner table at Thomson House. I could go home right now, make a stop at SAQ and get the bottle of amaretto for tomorrow. Aliza just texted me asking if I had my date.

Last night, even though I really didn't want to, I sent the text. This time I was the one who used a red heart as an end-of-sentence point. I hated myself.

I heated the last bowl of beans that I made with Sonny. Before going to bed, I brushed my teeth and flossed. I could smell myself but decided against showering. My scent was not off-putting. I kind of liked it. The whole night I slept surrounded by a combination of my own personal smell and the scent from the recently changed sheets.

I started waking up around 2H. I tossed and turned but kept avoiding my phone. I did not want to light up the screen and take the cat out of the dead-or-alive box. I avoided it until the last time I woke up, 25 minutes before my alarm. I opened Hinge and there were not any red number on the bottom banner of buttons. I opened the bubble chat anyway. After sending my text, I had archived the conversation as a way of putting it out of my way, and yet I saw the animation of her name jumping from the bottom pile to the top. I had to put my finger on it for it to actually load the new message. It wasn't too old, just a couple of minutes.

She told me how tomorrow—she meant today—was still tentatively an option. She had a meeting just before lunch, and thus she wouldn't have a whole hour, though. That was the caveat of seeing her today, but she was down if I was game. This time the final heart was blue coloured, just like the one in her message last year wishing me safe travels after we first met.

I told her it was fine with me and followed up giving her my phone number, in case it was easier. Later in the morning, when I came out of the shower, I saw her blue text telling me she was Sophie from Hinge. We agreed to meet at Thomson, at around 12H45.

I brought back the text from my notes and sent it to Tirza before brewing my coffee and grabbing my stuff to leave my apartment.

I came and sat down at exactly 12H45. I moved from a single table to the set of three tables in the corner, because of my irrational fears of eavesdroppers. She texted me that she was on her way and arrived not too far off her ETA.

Like last time, she threw at me the—empty?—promise of meeting again. Let's do something again when I come back from Ottawa. Two years ago I would have joked with Alda and Armando about the pattern of people disappearing after trips to Ontario. I showed to her the pictures I had promised, but got the feeling she was rushed to leave and did it just to appeace me. After Aliza's question, I told her about how I can't read Sophie. Part of me suspects this whole meeting was just an attempt to placate my insistance. Why would she offer to meet again, then?

I want to not reach out again until I talk with Calli next Thursday, but I don't know if I will be able to.

15 min ago I opened Hinge and saw the reply from Tirza. She told me she'd save my number and hoped that my dropping the app was a success story. There was also a red 1 above the heart symbol. I opened the profile and recognized the picture. She wrote a message asking me about the picture where I am in the lift of my hotel in Glasgow. I felt drawn to the app again.

I got a notification from Sophie before starting the last paragraph. Back & meeting is finished. Definitely need to work on my diplomacy lmao. Below there is a warning stating that she has disabled her notifications. I can reply to her later.

I am not sure why I feel this deep urge to start crying, but like my request to kiss her, I just can't let it out.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-16 ===
=== TITLE: Friday, February 16th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 751 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 Sofia, it was truly a pleasure to play this game with you! I love how we can get to be honest and vulnerable with each other! Cheers to our friendship! Cheers, Alda 

For some reason I could not want to wake up in the morning yesterday. No, I remember. The night before my legs were hurting. Excruciatingly. I was awake for most of the night. In the morning, I postpone the alarm despite my plans for going to the lab and to Alda's from there in the afternoon. 

I turned off the alarm and continued sleeping. Around 10H or 11H, I sent an e-mail to Louis saying I was feeling a bit sick and asking to cancel our 1-on-1 meeting of the afternoon. He agreed without any issue. 

I texted Alda asking about what time would work for meeting. Talking, we agreed that it would be better to do it at my house, since it'd be more private. We would be talking about some deep and personal stuff. It was more convenient for me, too, since the ginger beers and the amaretto were both at my house already. 

I don't think a worked a single minute during the whole day. I stayed in bed for a significant amount of the day. Alda would come at around 17-18H. I watched some television. I put this show, One day. Online people say that it is a devastating show. I don't really like watching romance fiction, I find it very hard to relate to it. The majority is straight, but even when watching a lesbian work, it feels foreign to me. I had started it a couple of days ago—or was it weeks?—, but yesterday I put it from the beginning again. By the second or third episode I started dripping off and losing attention. I can't remember if I put something else, or that was around the time that Alda came. 

I started drinking one of the Dieu du ciel! beers that I would drink with Sonny. It's funny how I've been getting them since I moved here in July of last year, yet now whenever I have them I think about sharing them with Sonny.

I had had half of a can already when Alda rang the doorbell and I went to buzz her in. She brought her card games, but we didn't start to play at that very moment. We had some amaretto and ginger beers together. It tasted fine but it was not the best. We moved the table and opened the red box. I was sitting in my desk chair and she got the couch. 

Three levels: Perception, Connection, and Reflection. Alda thought that level two would be the hardest, I was dreading the third one. The questions got deeper and deeper with each level. We draw portraits of each other. For one card, we had to call someone we admired and we called Sonny, who was with some of her friends. 

Halfway through, we went to IGA and got some pigs in a blanket, grapefruit juice, and some other stuff. Later that night we ordered some pizza and fries.

We got really drunk. Mostly I. The final card was during level II. We took it out in the middle of the game and just put it aside. It asked to us to write each other a small note that we would not open until parting ways. 

She left. I puked twice before going to bed. I don't remember if I took my pills.    Hey, it's a longshot but would you be down to do something spontaneous after work today? We talked about meeting up after your trip, but I'd love to spend some extra time with you before you go.

Last night, I went to bed drunk with the idea of texting Sophie. I thought about asking her out for today. I knew she would most probably say no, but the idea of seeing her before her departure was too much to let go. I considered it and crafted the message, something not too pushy, or cringey. I keep thinking back about how Monica would react to them. Can't help to think back to two years ago.

I sent it out when I woke up 15 minutes before 7H. This time she didn't take days to reply. There were no hearts either. 

Hey! I would love to - unfortunately, I'm already pretty scheduled up this weekend and I need to take some time to decompress before the trip. 


===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-17 ===
=== TITLE: Saturday, February 17th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 770 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 "Sí sabes que es de antes de que fuera Sofía, ¿no?" 

"Nope. Tú siempre has sido Sofía, tho." 

This is one of those days where I have nothing particular to write about. Were it not for the fact that I talk loudly to myself, I would have not said a single word all day. Tomorrow I will go to the laundry. I haven't gone since Sonny left. I could read something there, and the walk will be useful. I guess I could take the kindle tonight and read in the metro. The last book I started was Little Blue Encyclopedia (for Vivian), I might have to drop it. I feel no interest whatsoever in going back to it.

Aliza had asked me to go out with her this Saturday. Vlad, who actually started the whole thing, hasn't said anything about it all week. In the end we agreed to going out anyway. The latest plan is going to an irish pub in Verdun. We haven't been there. I probably won't drink too much. I am taking the bet to lose weight more seriously than I thought I would be. For a minute I considered skipping dinner last night together with the pills that go with it. I slept early. I did get up. I heated the two remaining slices of the pizza I had with Alda and went on to do the words. I could have, maybe, done twice the amount of words to fix the streak. I didn't feel like it. It was hard enough to complete the 750 usual ones despite having two days to talked about.

I dreamed again of something that made me think that it was an interesting story. Those kinds of ideas that could be develop into a book or a movie. Something that I would definitely watch or read. I've forgotten most of it already. It probably faded even by the time that I eventually got out of bed.

I left half of the curtains open but didn't stop me to sleep in. I buried my face between the two pillows and try to go back to my dreams. When I couldn't, I turned towards the wall, pulled my underwear down and started masturbating. I thought about Alexia. Putting my arm through hers and walking through St-Laurent, her putting her hand over my thigh when we sat down in that bench, my looking up towards her face before silently asking to kiss her. Whenever I think of that night, I rarely get to the part where we're having sex.

Does she ever think of me? Perhaps she thinks of my like I do of the québécoise girl; that girl whose name she can't remembers that had sex with on her trip of Montréal for her birthday. Perhaps I am just that trans girl she once fucked. Perhaps she doesn't think about me at all.  When I got obsessed with—did I just forget her name?—Flore, I looked her up on the internet. She left for her week-long trip with her lab and I couldn't control myself. I knew her first name, her university, and the fact that her supervisor was a portuguese women in computer science. I found her supervisor's website and from its Personnel site, I found her last name. With her full name, it was easy to find her online.

The second person I looked up like that was the catfisher. She was a receptionist at a Hospital in Montréal. I don't remember how I found her, but I got her real socials. I found out she had a kid. I realized that not only was she real, but she was normal.

I did not have sex with either of these women. I didn't kiss them. The latter I didn't even meet in person.

The first women I ever got obsessed with was Monica. I recognized her from the crowds and would wait for her to pass by every morning on her way to her classroom. For months I knew who she was without knowing her name. Years later we would be together and one could argue that for all that time she did not know who I was either.

I didn't look Kate online because there was no need to. During our first date she made a joke about stalking people she dated on instagram. I consciously offered her mine so she wouldn't need to look me out. My obsession with her manifested differently.

These obsessive traits are not cute nor romantic. I am not proud of it, but ashamed. It's creepy and toxic.

Yesterday I found out Sophie's last name.
===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2024-02-18 ===
=== TITLE: Sunday, February 18th, 2024 ===
=== WORDS: 750 ===
=== MINUTES: 1 ===
=== BODY ===
 Hey! Remember me? I was reading my journal from two years ago and got to the time we met. How's life been treating you? 

I did not get up early enough either to brew myself coffee nor to go to the laundromat. I could have well gone later in the afternoon, but decided not to do it. I weighted myself and I am back to the weight I was three days ago when Alda and I first came with the idea of the losing-weight-bet. It's mostly water-based weight, I am sure, yet it still felt good.

Yesterday I left the apartment and went to meet Aliza at Le Trèfle. She got there before I did. The host welcomed me in French and I explained to him that my friend was already waiting for me. It didn't take me long to find Aliza sitting on a two-person table by the window. On my way there I had been thinking about the fact that in most of our meetings, when we don't talk about work, we talk about me and my relationships. Either how I hadn't yet told Alda about my being trans, the fact that I haven't spoken with Monica since she was here, my excitement for Sonny coming, my dates. Is it because of what Monica had told me before that I can be a very selfish friend? Or is it more because of Aliza's own reserved personality?

The first topic of conversation, and the bigger one for the night, was about her relationship—and its soon potential end—with Ally. The haven't been talking for a while. She had mentioned to me before how her girlfriend is going through an emotionally hard time. She had also told me about the talk she was invited to give at Harvard. She might come visit her soon, but the situation is tense.

I did not have dinner with Aliza. Before leaving I had made myself a pita sandwich with hummus and ham. At the bar I got myself a cocktail with the intention of ordering some chilli and chips later, and only because I needed food to have with my pills. Instead, when I ordered my second cocktail, I explained to Aliza that I would rather make a stop at Shawarmaz and getting myself a poutine.

We made plans to see each other Thursday after her class at Thomson House.

Yesterday I had posted a post the event at Palco this Friday—the queer-lesbo night that will happen at Aliza's neighborhood—in the group chat we have with Alda. I thought it would go ignored, but Aliza responded this morning that she is in. Alda reminded me that she won't be in town, since she leaves for Albania on Wednesday. I wished her safe travels. A couple of moments ago I considered asking her if she wanted to do something before she leaves. Maybe I can text her tomorrow and we could meet tuesday. Except, as I just remembered, I have French class the whole half of the week she will be here.  I just finished cooking and having my dinner. I did not do laundry but I did go to IGA. Walking there with Alda when she was here made me realize how close it is. I got some salad and dressing and vegetables, some hummus and eggs. I cooked one of the pork chops and the pepper I had bought at la fruiterie.

I continued the task I started yesterday. I read the entries from my first date with Kate up to the date with Amanda. I weighted 70 kg when I went to Puerto Vallarta. I remembered last time I did this I also went through the pictures of that time. That depressed me quite a bit. The day I met Kate I was wearing the dark red hoodie with the denim jacket. I like the way I looked. I was quite attractive. I had no reason to be this insecure.

Is it the weight? I hate the pictures on which I appear. I hate how I look in the videos that Sonny took. My face contorts in weird ways. My mouth moves strangely. My neck is too thick and my body's shape is unattractive.

Do I have a reason to feel unattractive now or will I look back to this pictures with nostalgia? Maybe I will read through these entries eventually. Life is a cycle. The situation might be the same but the way I am facing it most certainly is not.
