------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-01
Words:   751
Minutes: 31

Today is the first day of another month. A new opportunity to finish a complete month, take the whole streak perfectly. 
Just one day I didn't do it and it was because I didn't come home all day. 
I have several things of which I could talk about. I could write a fictional story. Or pretend I'm talking with someone, maybe how I would tell my parents and what would I say, or maybe what I would say or do if I talked to Monica face to face. 
So, what is it that I should do? I don't want, can't, keep a diary. I lack the discipline, and the energy. 
Today is the first day of September, and the first day I took the whole prescription. Will I keep the date? September first of two thousand fifteen was the day I took a whole pill of Prozac. Friday was the first day that I took medication, the day of the graduation party from the class I should have been a part of. That will be easier to remember. 
I've been feeling worse. Yesterday, I think, I said that the symptoms made me doubt about my own depression. Now I see them in a whole different way. I felt them familiar. The anxiety and agitation, they're not something new. The lack of concentration and numbness and fogginess of thought that I experienced Monday was something that, too, have felt before. Maybe not in the same degree, but they're familiar to me. They're caused by a decreased of the levels of serotonin in my brain, caused by the stop of the production process after the autoceptors notice the inhibition of the reuptake of the neurotransmissor. 
So, in other way, the biologically caused symptoms I experienced are of the same nature of the other symptoms I've experienced before. 
I deleted Facebook. Will someone notice? 
Catherine said today that Jessica tagged her in a picture with both of us. So she would have looked for me and the name search should have came empty. 
I read Catherine's biography today. The letter she wrote for her brother, too. We've gone through a lot. 
It all started with us going to buy tights. Everything came from a pair of tights. She gave me a pair of hers. Later we bought them. Two pairs, one for each. It was new years' when we exchanged underwear. Then the first time of the hotel was last year? Or was it before? I remember coming back from somewhere when we stopped to buy hot-dogs and I saw Monica's email. She said she couldn't keep being my friend, and was happy for me. She's not my friend anymore, is she still happy? 
I am not happy. I should be, but I am not. That has nothing to do with either of them. I wasn't happy with Monica, and that was a reason of several of our fights. Why was I unhappy when she were around? She was my girlfriend, I should be happy. Wasn't she enough? I told her she was. It was me the one with the problem. But was  she, really? 
It was weird, reading our history come to the place of my change. Change? Did I change? Or did I notice my difference? 
The change of name, the point where I was no longer a he. I can't remember if she used any pronouns or adjectives before that point. Maybe she avoided them on purpose, maybe my eyes were the ones who avoided them. And then it came, the point. She no longer saw me as a boy, as a he, as Ivan. She started seeing me as a woman. Feeling me and thinking of me as one. Calling me that name. Why "that name"? Why is it so difficult for me to say it and even write it? It took me a lot to say it to Rene. I haven't told anyone else. She has. She told Yolanda, and Liliana, and Miguel, and Carlos. All of them know it. Two of them use it. 
We've talked about telling Anahi and Chevica. They won't use it. Is that the reason why I haven't? 
I have told someone. Monica knows. 
I saw the message she sent today to Carlos. She sent the picture of her with my glasses and told him they were mine. Sofia's glasses. Her girlfriend's. Mine. 
"We're not boyfriend and girlfriend" I told Monica. We were, and are, something else. 
Now I have no one to tell. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-02
Words:   754
Minutes: 27

Doesn't matter what clothes I wear, I'll always look the same. 
She picked me up. I woke up, again, by the sound of their arguing. Their high voices knocked my door and brought me from sleeping. I had the clothes ready. I had picked them yesterday. The light skinny jeans, the gray undershirt, the white bra. I was alone by the time I actually rose from bed. I did everything I usually do. I shaved and my face still hurts now, almost a whole day after. I don't know if I do it wrong, maybe I use the wrong angle, or I can't do a proper lather. Maybe I try to go way too close. It's just the phantom traces of facial hair, even by touch, are something unbearable. After all that I put on the shirt I left outside the bathroom. 
Back when I was a kid, I remember how I waited for the prefects to bring the little papers that said we wouldn't have classes the next day. Those free mornings, with the house all alone, were the times when I started. I was excited for them, anxious. They scared me, too, though. I was afraid of what it meant, of being caught. I knew it was wrong. I snooped through her drawers, her closet. Those were hers, private and intimate. I was full of shame. I remembered, imprinted on my mind the exact layout of how everything was, the precise length of the opening of the drawer which was never closed. I chose something and took it with me to the bathroom. I wore it, embarrased, I didn't look at myself, not in the mirror, not even lowering my own sight. I didn't want to see, to know. I wanted to disassociate from the whole thing. I loved it and that was something I couldn't bear. By the time I finished, I hid it even from the reflection the whole way to putting whatever it was back to its place. I hated it, then. It was unbelievable, mere seconds divided the times were I loved and hated the exact same thing. 
By then, I assumed that it would be a secret that no one, never, would ever know. Not a single person could understand. I'd had to take it with me to my grave. Even when I started therapy. Even when Rene knew everything and asked me directly about that, I lied. 
When would I imagine how years later it would be something normal, that I would have my own. That they would be part of my routine. I wouldn't have to wait for the house to be alone. I'd just open my drawer and choose whichever I'd wear that day. I'd take them with me, with the rest of my clothes to the bathroom, where there they would stay until I finished and put everything on. 
How different, stepping out of the bathroom with a black bra hidden in my hand from the judging reflection, to now, years later, of stepping out of the bathroom with my hair wet and the straps showing from the tank top until I put on the shirt. 
She came and texted me. She says she really liked how I looked. 
Monday with my short pants and long legs, yesterday with the pants which reminded her of her own and the shirt she keeps thinking is Miguel's. 
"And today, I liked the skinny jeans when I saw you stepping out. You didn't look "woman", but you gave that idea" 
I didn't look like a woman. I don't. I'm not. 
Do I try to? Why would it hurt me, then? It's pathetic to expect to look like one when my body isn't one. I haven't changed a thing. My hair is longer, but everything is the same. People confused me before, but that, they "confused" me. It's a confusion. An illusion. A distorted perception, of both of us. Of them when they see me as a woman, and mine, when it feels wrong when they correct themselves.
The idea crossed my mind of wearing the leggings again, tomorrow. We will go to the beach again. I wanted to wear them but I don't really know why. I discarded the idea before. I don't know when or why it came back. Every night when I have those weird sensations and longings. I didn't care that I would have to walk and go to therapy, or go to the hospital to a class. 
I didn't, but do I? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-03
Words:   756
Minutes: 26

"Did you kill yourself deleting facebook or did you kill Ivan?
"Maybe those are its side effects: loneliness and judgement" 
"Is it as difficult to understand how they don't understand me as it is for them to understand me?" 

I saw Rene today. Yesterday I wanted to wear those clothes. The dark gray leggings with a t-shirt and the long red sweater. I wanted to feel the sweater flowing over my thighs with just the thin, clenching, fabric between my skin and the air that moved it. I saw it in my mind and I wanted it. 
Was it yesterday or was it today? I saw my face in the mirror. Not my face, what I'd think my face should look like. Just after getting out of bed I took my clothes with me and headed to the bathroom. I left them over the toilet and stood in front of the mirror. A feminine face looked back at me. I wasn't sure. Some single hairs were over her eyes. the rest fell around her light face. Her skin seemed soft to the touch, her sight tired. Her mouth was closed with full lips. 
I looked at her looking at me surprised. We stayed for a minute, just gazing. I didn't want to look away. I didn't want to not see her again. I liked her. I wanted her to be me. 
I felt happy and calm, and at the same time sad and impotent. I felt joyous with the idea, the hope that someday I could look like that, be like that. There will be a time when that would be the face other people would see on me. I knew, too, deep inside of me I was sure  that the moment I stopped looking she would be lost forever. 
So I left, I smiled and left, like those cheese mediocre stories I used to write when I was a teenager. I took a shower and cleaned myself from every bothering and uncomfortable emotion. 
I shaved my face, the real one. All day it was hurting. It's as if it were sensible, hurting that it's not the face I really want. Sad of my rejection of it. Screaming for affection and caring and appreciation. I'm like a parent of it that hates it. 
I walked with regular clothes all the way to therapy. I sat and listened to music until he arrived. Some female pronouns escaped my mouth in session. 
I talked about the secondary effects I've been feeling. The graduation, the party. The times in the hotel. I remembered I deleted Facebook and how I wondered what would Monica think. "Catherine told me I cared too much about what she would think, and she had the idea with what I've said to her, that she doesn't about me. And it's true. I was preoccupied with what she would think when she'd find out, but the truth is she won't even notice; and if she does, she won't care." 
"I didn't want her to think I'm mad with her; though I am... and didn't want her to think I hate her; though I do..." 
I can't remember what was the last things we talked about. 
I just noticed they're the first sentences that I wrote today. 
We went to class in the hospital. I entered the cafeteria and ordered an iced chai tea. It came after Catherine. We sat at the table and talked. I can't recall what about. She told me something about Jessica, but we were already in the building waiting for the professor. 
After the class ended, we drove to the university. She would park her car there and we both would go to the beach in mine. She forgot her phone so we came back. I first stood outside the parking but before she could returned I saw the security officer walking towards me. I entered the parking before he arrived. 
We ate pizza, half meats and half chicken and veggies. We walked by the corridor. It's been a lot since the last time we walked there. One man came and offered us a rope flower. He looked at me as if I were the man and she were my girlfriend. Maybe that's why I didn't even asked for the price. 
Argana was our next stop. We laid down as we always do in the same spot. We ordered the same and hugged as always. It felt different, better. 
Differently she caressed me in her car. And differently, too, I wet myself. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-04
Words:   851
Minutes: 50

"All that he needed was to be seen, be noticed." 
I cut myself today. The white bra was on the pile of dirty clothes in front of my bed. Today's outfit was the gray skinny jeans and a long shirt, underneath it, a gray undershirt and the white bra. It's been various days where Catherine has asked which underwear I'm wearing. Yesterday I realized I always deny her an answer with the intention to tell her later and forget. Yesterday were black with red dots. Today they're all black. She teased me once for wearing black and white. No, it was because of wearing white under black. 
I touched myself with an usual fantasy. I shaved myself with the same razor of yesterday. On the beach, I felt my face burned. It didn't cut today. Not enough, anyway, so I kept at it, until I bled. My desire to look acceptable hurts me and makes me look even worse. I don't want any shadow to show and end up with irritation and red marks that signal the location of hair. 
I woke up late and enjoy my sleep. There was a dream but I can't remember it. I texted Catherine asking her to pick me up. Later in the evening she mentioned that when she drives me, we can't stay in the parking lot. I know that and I still like it. Is it the feeling of depending on her, being driven, the submission? The loss of control. I don't know. 
The first class was neuropsychological rehabilitation. It ended by 2pm. She drove me to eat japanese food. It wasn't the usual place, near the tech school. It was the one by the postal hood. 
The next class was the practical class of Thanatology. I was nervous of volunteering for the roleplaying. I wanted to, part of me, anyway. The idea of exposing myself, though, let them see my mistakes, and hear them talk about me made me uneasy. 
We started with the case of a woman who lost her mother. The idea is to read several of these and make an inventory of the dos and don'ts. 
There was a role-play session, anyway. And another one. Esperanza said the last class she said she would pass, so she was going to be the first volunteer. Zayra got closed to me and offer me a little piece of paper with the words "do you want to be the patient?" following it. I accepted both. 
I played a 30 year old man who suffered an accident and was in the hospital being ignored and angry. She accompanied me, but didn't I told Catherine how I felt I empathized more with her than she did with me. 
I thought and got frustrated with the idea that the character was so different of me. And yet again, I almost cried twice before the last class began talking about the similarities. 
The man wanted to be noticed. That someone cared. I said I was angry and yet I laughed. I'm familiar with anger, now more than ever, and yet that anger, his anger, felt so distant to me. "He was the opposite of me, he felt he had to be noticed because he was so important, and I long for attention because I feel I am nothing." 
How did you feel, Ivan? How do you deal with frustration? Your voice broke when you said you feel like drowning. 
She wanted me to see, confronted me with the idea that I don't ask for what I want. I want people to be closed but I don't ask them. Esperanza got near, but it wasn't it. Our hands were within ourselves and Zayra made us notice. She wanted me to reach for her, but I didn't I asked her to touch me, but I didn't like it. 
She made me tell everyone looking that I didn't need anything of them. I did. Maybe there was were I should had felt how it's not really what I feel. But I was true to myself when I said that "Now I don't need anything of you" Because now I can't ask them what I need. 
"Look at me, really look at me and notice me" was what I should had said. 
The next role was Christian playing a young man who lost his leg. He was depressed and suicidal. He was familiar to me, I could have helped him. 
Zayra said that a good intervention could have been: "You see yourself as useless and I see a young man who feel so much sadness and who loss a leg and his dreams". I wanted to cry and didn't know why. Later I felt identified with the idea of feeling like trash and losing your future. 
I realized, too, why I their closeness and interest means nothing to me. Esperanza talked with the role I played and Zayra talked with me. But she really didn't talk with me, she was talking with Ivan, the other role I played.
They can't get near or noticed me, because the only see him. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-05
Words:   765
Minutes: 30

"You don't need bodyguards: all men!" 
"You all share the same face... Are they all your sons?... No girls... How fortunate of you!" 

I woke up and took the pill. I sneaked unintentionally in the morning before anyone was up for a glass of water. I think I went back to bed. There were several dreams today, but only one stayed. I was in a college, it wasn't the usual Autonomous University of BC nor the University of Salamanca. In other dreams even though everything is different it has that certain theme or sensation that makes me recall that familiar location. This time it was different. In the dream it was a known place, but it wasn't neither of those two. It's small, and indoors, at least two levels and most happened in the second. I was in a classroom with Catherine, I think we were with Cerecer. Maybe it was research. When the class ended I exited the classroom but she stayed, she had to do something and I lost her. I'd have to wait for her, it wasn't unexpected or annoying, I just walked and waited. Something happened with some boys, they wore scrubs and fought, I think, but it's not clear. I don't know what is it that I'm remembering and what details are filled by my mind later. 
I think I remember the sensation of having a secret and not wanting it to get out, known; the fear of being exposed and vulnerable. 
I look for Catherine in a small closet-like room that in my dream-memory sometimes we hanged out there. There were sofas and a television or monitor. I remembered us just sitting there and passing the time. It was cozy and private, maybe a little like our spot at the upper level of the Accounting and BA Faculty. So I passed there and looked for her. The first time it was empty or busy. It's hard for me to think that it would always be empty for us, or even that we would be allowed to use it at all. 
After whatever happened with the med students ended I, again, passed the window and door. This time the door wasn't totally shut. Two hands with the fingers entangled hanged in the space between the door and the frame. I knew those fingers. Maybe were the graduation rings or maybe it was just dream intuition. Those hands were Eusebio and Jessica's. Their welcome grabbed me from the door and took me with them. They all smiled and were happy. Catherine, Paola, even Andrea. 
When I told Catherine about it, I said I saw Anahi, but I'm not sure if I really saw her or missed her after waking up. One of them invited me to lie on their legs. They all were sitting together in the couch looking at something, pictures or a video, maybe just remembering. 
I can't remember anything further. 
When I woke up, I felt something. I can't remember what. Was it sadness or happiness? Was it nostalgia? I can't tell. 
Luis came to wake me up and tell me to shower to go to the United States. He lied down with me in bed and we chatted and laugh. He loves me. He admires me and cares for me. In the car he mentioned me that I'm such a loser that I think Birdo is a man. Then he corrected himself saying that I believe Birdo is a woman. He said the bit about the japanese manual and how Birdo is introduced as a confused man. 
"Silly Birdo, he thinks he is a woman and wants to be called Birdette". 
Would he care or admire me if he knew? Would he had missed me when I left for Spain if he knew about everything? 
Will he still love me if I'm not his brother anymore? Would he miss him, the role I play, more? 
"Silly Ivan, he thinks he's a woman and wants to be called Sofia". 

We broke fast at noon in Denny's. We waited but not much. There was a girl who didn't take her eyes from me. Was she confused? Was she interested? Everything on the outside of me today was male. My clothes, my underclothes, my hair. Could she look through me? 
Nobody else did. Five minutes after being seated the hostess complimented my mom on her men. All men, not a single girl. How fortunate.
The starbucks barista complimented my father. How fortunate for him, too,  for not having a girl. 
How unfortunate for both of them for having me, instead. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-06
Words:   819
Minutes: 33

"You look pretty in your picture"
"Thank you, it's because I was wearing your glasses, Sofi" 
"I wish I'd look as pretty as you" 
"You look pretty, that's why I have you in my phone."

"I think it was a way of knowing if someone would notice the absence. And/or if they worry about her" 

Sundays are tired days. Even God rested by the end of a working week. Should it be worrisome spending a second whole sunday in bed in a row? Are the effects of the pills for blame or the lack of them? 
Yesterday I told Luis he wouldn't find me in Facebook. I won't be able to receive his images and insults. I deleted my account. He didn't believe me. I didn't delete it, he chatted with me in messenger and messenger is a part of Facebook. He asked my mom to tell me how I was lying and I indeed was there. She deny any knowledge. Almost as if she didn't care, almost as if she respected some privacy and knew it was an act of a bigger secret. The day continued and ended. 
After the sound of the door opening and closing, the rattle of the keys and the crumpling of the paper bags, both Luis and I stepped out of our respecting bedrooms and walked towards the morning food. 
"You were right, you're not on Facebook anymore. I looked for you and it only said Facebook user." 
My parents would go today to pick up my grandma in Tecate and take her to my uncle and aunt who would arrive there from OC to continue the alternate treatment of herbs and praying that, I hope I'm mistaken, they think may have a chance of curing my uncle's terminal cancer. 
Everyone but Miguel broke fast. I fill a quarter of a plastic cup with water and took it with me to my room for swallowing my life medicine. If there's a day where someone will ask what is the medication I am taking and for what, that day will be a Sunday. This Sunday was not it. 
Anahi asked Catherine if I deleted the account. She took a screencap and sent it to me. In there she asked and explained that at first look for me and couldn't find me. After that, she looked in Catherine's friend list. Then, she notice none of my tags were there. The first idea that came to her head was that we fought and blocked each other. 
Maybe Monica thought the same. Would she look for me or be satisfied with the idea of me blocking her? Maybe her father would notice first and be the most disappointed. 
Anahi asked why would I do something like that and Catherine explained. I was, surprised? Yes, but not with the way Catherine talked about me. It was with my own reaction to reading her use of a female pronoun. To one I was a he and to the other a she. To both: Ivan. No, not both. Sofia is her secret. Does the time comes when she, even for a moment, forgets that name or my nature? 
The theme of this time of my life should be secrets. Those heavy and burning stones that I hide inside my clothes, inside my own skin. 
I remember the dread of realizing that I'd have something that nobody, anybody could know. And now it's like every word I say has to be measured and analyzed. Every decision I take or movement I do, has a back-planning that no one sees. 
What would happen if for a day my skin were transparent. A day where clothes wouldn't cover me and my ideas would be seen like fishes swimming in a glass tank with nowhere to hide from hunting eyes. 
Would it be the worst day of my life or would it be the most relieving of them all? 
Everyone's hate would be the price for a night of complete rest from the burdened back that carries all those secrets. 

I remember having that recurrent dream of being in a closed store at night. Wandering in the aisles without a soul in the way. Going to the women's section and taking clothes to the fitting room. In those dreams I'd never wear anything. In real life I'd almost never use those rooms. 
Yesterday I did. I brought shirts. Two medium and a large one. Shirts I imagined wearing with the leggings. The large one made me look like a kid playing dress up. The other ones covered the bulge in my pants without seeing like I was full of air around my stomach. 
I looked in those mirrors and saw what everyone sees. Why do I hate that image? I considered taking a picture to show Catherine. 
Why would I want to keep the reflection that I avoid? She can see the shirts later. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-07
Words:   800
Minutes: 33

"Or maybe it were you, we thought: 'Maybe Ivan woke up in a bad mood and he was the one who threw it" 
*barely moving her lips without making any sound* "You look really pretty"

Yesterday I read. Even after almost a whole day spent in bed I slept the whole morning. They woke me up but I didn't take my pill until noon. Half an hour maybe was the time I spent awake. A quarter before seven. Catherine wouldn't come to pick me up until two in the afternoon. The alarm was set for an hour before noon. Other two alarms were set before the definite one. I slept through all of them. Guilt crept up through my body while I still was lying under the sheet. I should had gotten up and took the pill. Maybe the effects won't be the same if I don't take them in a regular schedule. Rene said one pill every morning, but does that exactly means every 24 hours? 
Yesterday I felt bad. Worse. Are they taking a bad effect? Maybe they're not working anymore? Is my body habituating to the effects? 
I swallowed it and took my clothes. Today's outfit consisted in normal jeans and a gray shirt. She asked for it before I asked for Thursday's. Again I wondered if I would wear the leggings. I imagined wearing them with one of the new shirts. Would I really do it? Thursday I'd have to walk, and then go to the hospital. We would meet with Chevica, too. So I asked her what I should wear so I could stop thinking about it. She didn't take it well. She hadn't even seen me with today's clothes and I already was asking for Thursday.
I shaved the weekend's beard. I could barely stand a day's growth of facial hair and today I had a whole weekend's. I loathed it, but I had it. I thought it would end badly. The blade would cut me or irritate me, I'd end with a lot of single hairs left out. It went well. I shaved my face and my legs. The body I did in the shower. I didn't touched myself though I thought about it. I can't remember what stopped me. Maybe it was the time. It was just a couple of minutes past noon when I came down to my bedroom to get my shoes and hair done. 
I had a message from her saying if I wanted her to come earlier. Sure, we had the time. 
I can't concentrate with this. I have my headphones over my ears but all my attention is on my mother in the dishes and Miguel in the living room. I have the underwear in the drier and whites on the washing machine. Any minute someone will go to anyone of them and see a bra or a pair of women's underpants. Will the ask something or already had intuited something just waiting to be confirmed? 
I looked at myself in the mirror and was surprised by how the shirt looked on me. I hadn't wore it in a lot. 
She texted me she had arrived and we met outside. I did have ziploc bags but I didn't looked for them. She told me she had brought her pants if I wanted to try them on. Were they still painting my house? I'm not sure exactly what was the reason why I didn't want her to come in. I couldn't think of something why she shouldn't. We entered and lie down in bed. I wore them and they did fit. They were just a little big but it wasn't noticeable. She liked them more than the leggings. I didn't know she likes her pants more. 
I want more like them. Another pair, some like today's. I felt bad because I wear only a fraction of the ones I have and now I want others. 
We ended doing what I thought we would and what she didn't planned. It was good time but we barely made it. There was a lot of traffic because of the border. 
When she brought me back home I found a teriyaki they bought for me. Half of the chicken was gone. Miguel says Luis ate it and Luis denies it. Everyone blamed him. If he indeed do it, he would still say he didn't. But if he didn't? 
They told me what he did a couple weeks ago with Miguel's deodorant. 
How he made up stories about what happened that it ended broken on the bathroom floor. The even thought for a moment it was me. But I wouldn't have done it. 
No, of course not. I'd have to be in so much pain and anger to have done something like that. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-08
Words:   785
Minutes: 31

"She told me that, since the beginning, she's seen you as an indecisive person" 
I want to go to bed and sleep. Prozac is supposed to be a stimulant ssri. I should feel agitated, not tired. This morning I wasn't awoken by their arguing. I took the pill a little before 11. I delayed several alarms until the final one at 11. Catherine was going to go to therapy so I was going to drive myself to school. I hoped the traffic wouldn't be like yesterday's. I showered and looked myself in the mirror. Yesterday I shaved my face, body and legs. I used the safety razor on my legs and thought I had done a good job like on my face. Even a day later there wasn't a lot of shadow and I wondered if shaving again today. I ended up doing it. Not a single nick, even the alum was stingless. 
I tied up my hair and put on my shoes. It's been hot lately so I wore shorts today with a t-shirt. Catherine sent me a message saying she was going to school already so I went, too. We arrived almost at the same time to the parking lot. The first class was supposed to be Thanatology but there was a status update on Facebook saying the class was cancelled. We went to the library to finish answering the Kostick test. We thought what we could do in the free time. The idea of not going to Brief Therapy was in our heads. What could we do then? The movies? I can't concentrate much lately and thinking about paying a ticket and not watching the movie was something that I didn't really want to do. Similar to the idea of going to the hotel. I don't know why exactly is it that I'm against the idea of going. Just today was when I found it hard to reach an orgasm while touching myself. My arm getting tired, my mind going blank, sweating dropping from my face and my dick going limp. Why did I keep going? 
I thought about using the leggings and a new shirt. At first I wanted the white one with them on Thursday when we would see Chevica. Then, I thought about using them with the other one tomorrow that it would be only one class where no one knows us. 
Tomorrow and all week the temperature will keep rising so the idea is discarded. 
I don't really want to wear shorts. Garab told me I have nice legs, but said it in that mocking tone. While Catherine told me what she talked about with Liliana I couldn't help but notice all those tiny black hairs. Those spots of ugliness on my otherwise smooth legs. Yesterday they were invisible and now I could not stop seeing them. I hated them, and then I hated my legs and then I hated me. 
I hate the sun and hot weather that forbids me to cover myself in clothes. I could hide myself in a disguise if it weren't for the weather. 
I was part of this week's Catherine's session. I did pay attention, I listened and understood. I have no idea why I can't recall what was that she talked about or was said to her. 
Coming back from the library to the class she confessed in a nonchalantly way how she has tried to make herself throw up. "Even that I cannot do" 
She has trouble being comfortable in her own body. Accepting herself. She perceives herself and has an image of her just to be betrayed by her own reflection. When we were both in my bed getting our clothes off, I remember it well, there was a moment where she pulled her dress over her head. She recalled that moment and told me how she felt uncomfortable. 
She was the one who proposed going to the hotel, but even before changing her mind after that moment, she had thought about asking me to go to one without mirrors. Just like I first wanted, those firsts times when we avoided at all costs looking at ourselves dressed like that. We couldn't even witness our own crime. There wasn't any mirrors in my bedroom but that didn't change a thing.
Zayra made us do that exercise to see how would be react to the telling by someone else of our own problems. 
Not then and not today was I affected by listening to what I've been through. 
With Catherine and her own body and Christian and his own sorrow, instead of falling to my own dark pit, I wanted to climb it just to show them the way out. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-09
Words:   752
Minutes: 34

"What do you want me to do? Do you want me to put my hand up your dress? Maybe I could go under it." 
"Come, come in my bed"
"Come on, eat, it doesn't matter" "I don't give a shit about you, I'm not comfortable eating like this" 
"My mother said you were thinner. She could see it from here. And that you looked as if you had breasts." 
"I know a girl that would get mad with you because of what you just  said, she's from Belgium, her name is Sofia, like the capital"

Did I want it before it happened? Had I imagined it or anticipated it? Maybe it was like those other nights where I longed for femininity in my dreams. It could have been. I knew before today that she would come. We talked about it yesterday. Tomorrow there would not be any class so we could go to eat and the movies. She'd pick me up in my house and drive use to wherever we'd go. She asked me if she could arrive earlier. We both liked lying in bed for a while, hidden in my room from reality, even if just for a while. 
I've said before how I flirted with the idea of wearing those kind of clothes but discarded it because of the weather. Shorts and a shirt. 
I'd picked them from the closet the night before. Everything ready for the morning routine. Just getting out of bed and initiate it, put everything in motion. 
Again it was something near impossible. As if every bit of energy and motivation was exhausted from my body, I found it hard just to grab the phone and get out. Any minute was valuable, just more sleep, more of that sweet nothing. 
I got up and took my pill. Underwear, shorts, shirt and to the bathroom. 
I showered and shaved my legs. It is quicker with the other razor, sharper, too. I cut myself more, though, and as I learned this week, leave more spots. 
After putting my shorts I came back to my room to look for messages of her. There was nothing so I shaved my face. It wasn't as smooth and spotless as yesterday. It felt like a hundred needles pricked my face where the blade irritated and cut. I did put balm this time to calm the pain. 
I put my t-shirt on and go tie my hair. The cellphone sang when I had my fingers wet with mousse inside my curly hair. She hadn't arrived yet, she just remembered that she hadn't notified me when she left her house. I looked at myself in the mirror and wondered if it would be noticed. I tried it on and checked in the mirror. She arrived a couple minutes later. I opened the door for her and invited to my room. The las time she had opened a photo album and took a peek of my childhood. Today we just laid in bed. She had promised, both of us, that we wouldn't do anything. We did. 
I was in her arms and felt comfortable, inside her reach, inside my own skin. Maybe it was like those nights. I looked her in the eyes and asked her if she wanted me to wear the dress for a little while. One thing led to another and we ended doing what we do. She had thought that I'd welcome her wearing it. Last time she kept her wish of me trying on the red one she was wearing to herself. 
I thought about asking her to turn around while I changed, but she was already looking away. 
I putted it on, she took it off. I touched her and she me. I asked her, begged her to make me hers and she did. 
And like Cortazar's poem after doing what we do, step by step we changed ourselves unto being what we're not. What I'm not. 

We ate japanese food from that same place that is not the usual. They brought my plate first and like 20 minutes later hers. We were seated buried in the awkwardness of waiting. We killed the spare time in Gandhi window-shopping books until we went to the movie theater. We saw the menu and wondered what we could eat next time. The man from UNCLE was the movie. The waitress that seated us saw me as a man. That's what I am and what people see. Silly me that I always forget. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-10
Words:   816
Minutes: 21

"It's not that I can't go to that place that I wanted, like there's a wall that forbids me to go through. I wanted to go there because there's where I was supposed to end. And this other place, where I do want to go, is closed by a wall that does impedes me to pass. So, where do I go? Where will I end?
"So, the only difference between your mother and your father was the hair?" "and the beard"
"I really like your, shirt, t-shirt, blouse... whatever it is" 
"So, are you ready for an awkward moment?" 
"I saw it and felt anger, how you ordered for him. He could do it by himself. I ended up believing that you left because of him." 
"I want you to know me, to open up to you. I'm not ready now. And I have to ask what I need. Please, wait for me. Don't go"

This is another race against time. Be it my future, my body, a deadline marked by the exchange module in the university, by puberty or a time of the day in this site. There is always a clock ticking. Second by second passing by, a countdown to an end.
Tomorrow I can up my dosage. He gave me a choice of doing it until next week, or starting now. I didn't have a lot of secondary effects still, so I thought there was nothing stopping me to do it. Now I am not so sure. 
We were going to see them today. I knew that, I chose my clothes because of that. There would be hot weather so I was going to wear a t-shirt. I wore the whatever-it-is that I bought in Guadalajara. It ended up being a bad idea. When I arrived to the faculty I was swimming in sweat, drowning in hot. I wanted to go to the library, there would be air conditioning. The administrative building was an option, too. I ended up going to the computing center. It was the nearest thing. A lot of people had the same idea. I passed a group of med students with their own fan studying, passed the bathrooms and arrived to the hall where a lot of different students were seated along the walls doing different things. I sat beside the mural. I had a group of chem students finishing a build of a... something. 
In front of me, there was a group of people. I felt like they were talking about me, but there was something in that feeling, or more correctly, idea, that didn't felt right. It was as if I knew it wasn't real. They were talking about me. Laughing about me. Is that a boy or a girl? I thought of them asking. It was as if I heard them. Some words clear enough for get the meaning but not everything to be sure it did actually happen. 
Similarly was when I drove to therapy. Going down from the first road outside the neighborhood a man said something as I passed by with the windows down. "Chiquit" o? a? I couldn't get it. Was it masculine or feminine? I looked at him from the rearview mirror and saw his smile being formed. Was he mistaken? Did he said it because he thought I was a man? Would that make it funny? or Correct? 
Did it hurt? 
There was the session where we talked about the graduation. 
After that we picked their money. And then sat through the first part of the invited guest of Vinicio, our class godfather. 
We were going to see them. We were late. They were later. 
Catherine and I decided to drink a pint before they arrived. Eusebio had called to say they were exiting their job. 
They came before our beers. 
That beer killed me. Maybe it was the talk. 
I thought they wouldn't talk about it. Jessica did. At the end, of course she did. 
I explained what happened to me that day. The first day on medication. I said the part of the medication. I realized I liked them being angry at my leaving because that meant they noticed.  Then I said another part. After Catherine, I told another part. Even outside when everyone talked and share I kept talking and talking. I don't know now what I said or didn't. They thanked her but interpreted me. Told me what I did wrong, what I could do better. 

After everything I remembered the gesture I did a lot in Spain after a night of drinking and/or self-loathing of pointing my hand as a gun at my temple. When I talked and talked and talked I imagined that same thing, blowing my brains out. But maybe it wasn't my brains blown but my skull the thing that covers my ideas and feelings. The thing with which I hide myself. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-11
Words:   763
Minutes: 29

"You have good intuition, you could do a very good job if you intervene and stop being afraid of going where you know" 
"The name is the most private thing for me" 
"They offered me support and I didn't know what to do, what to feel. I've expected rejection and I know how to feel with that." 
"Support is for the weak"


I dreamed. Today was one of those nights and those mornings. I told Catherine the two that I remembered. I jumped from the balcony of my room in my first house. The second was my grandma talking how a friend of Edgar was dead to her, because he was his boyfriend. "A man who wears little blouses and thinks he's a woman". There were several others, all with the same theme of sadness and rejection. 
I woke up feeling sad and rejected. I told her, maybe the dreams were a reminder of the bad things that can and probably will happen. And they were used to camouflage the reminder of yesternight as another dream. Another thing that didn't happen really.
I didn't want to get up. I didn't want to see anybody. I wanted to keep crying, to keep feeling like a little child, like the victim. I fell again in that pit of despair and selfhate. I buried myself in depression. I was angry with myself and I wanted to punish me. I didn't hesitate to take the upped dosage. It ended up being the right thing. A lot in me has changed in just a couple of weeks. I participated more in class. I told a joke. I volunteered to roleplaying and exposed myself. It was way easier for me than the last time that I did it. 
Zayra said some things. She was the one that said the most. There were another couple of comments but hers were the most significant. 
She talked to Catherine and me about her master's graduation when we shared about our discomfort with the way ours was being organized. 
I asked Catherine to came for me. She offered me another sandwich so I offered her ice tea. I brew two for the both of us. We drank it as the day passed. Mine was done by the time we interviewed the teacher. 
Only one class we had today. Research was cancelled because of the weather. Those two hours were spent in Catherine's car talking about yesterday. About the same things that I wrote hurriedly before midnight. 
I joked with her before telling her about Jessica's offering of using female pronouns with me if I asked. I pretended I was cut off and lost in thought. I couldn't remember. "You were just talking about it, the fourth thing, in the red light" "No, it was just an instant". She almost pulled over before I admitted I was just playing with her. 
Now, it's hard for me to remember what exactly was that we talked about. 

I felt misunderstood and I liked it that way. It's not that different staying quiet as it is to talk non-sense. It hurt me opening myself, being exposed. I did that for them, I started and felt as if that peek I let them were attacked. I felt Jessica's judgement, her aggression. I said yesterday I understood Anahi when I wanted to leave the graduation. I understood her today as to why she thinks Jessica doesn't like her. I felt that same thing, but I knew it was not exactly real. I couldn't put a name on it, but I knew there was something. 
Catherine explained it to me. When she talked about her brother and Jessica listened, she understood, she opened up and share her situation. She has been through it and gets it. She comprehends what it's like. 

That wasn't the same with me and what I said. She doesn't feel it and don't gets what I feel. She acts with what she knows and uses her psychology degree to say something. "I felt, when we started talking, that when you shared something I had to say something because I couldn't understand and be with you." The same thing happened with her. 

Chevo did understand. Eusebio knows parts of my pain. He didn't interpret he didn't confront, he listened. He was there. That was the difference between the two of them. That's the reason that I hummed when Jessica hugged me and said we should see each other later. And why I broke when Chevo later hugged me and said in my ear he cared for me.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-12
Words:   767
Minutes: 26

I can't think of any phrase today. I can't think much. 
What is it of weekends that affects me. I woke up early and took my pills. My father was in the living room, eating coffee and cookies, breaking his fast. He asked me if I wanted to go to the United States, and if I did, to go shower. After I that to tell Miguel to do it. It's usually the other way around, being woken and asked if I'll shower, the bathroom is ready. 
I grabbed just a pair of pants and a t-shirt, men's underwear. Do I notice the difference? Yes, it's thicker and heavier. Is it wronger? 

Yesterday I finished my book, the 4th book of the A Song of Ice and Fire Series. I should had picked another one, a different one. Another story. I picked the next. I know what'll happen next. It's an even longer book with more than a thousand pages. I started it anyway. 

We went and broke fast at Jack's. I ordered a burger and fries. I always get the iced tea but they had this new machines with lots of choices of soft beverages and I chose the diet lemonade. It was sweet. It wasn't the right choice. I was satisfied with my food. I felt full the whole morning. Enough for not having eaten a single slice of the pizza we bought before returning home. I had my sandwich from two days before, instead. Half of it. 

I knew yesterday that Jessica didn't hate me. I understood why she acted in a certain way and why I took it in another. Today I feel different once again. I feel hated. They hugged me, they looked for me and cared. I feel the opposite. Am I being betrayed by my emotions? 

That phrase keeps repeating itself as a whisper inside my head.  "You told us how you referred to him in feminine, I can do it, too, if that's what you want, if you asked it. We can be of great support" 
"I can do it, too" "If you asked" 

"Do it, too" "Asked" 

Why didn't I? What stopped then and there from saying the name and asking her, them. I told Catherine the name is my most private and intimate thing. I haven't told anyone but her and Rene. She has. My most private and intimate thing is known by those two people from me, and her two best friends and therapists from her. 

Jessica is right. She did hurt me and it wasn't the right moment, but she was right. And maybe that's the real reason that I felt hurt, that I feel hated. Because she's not wrong. I expect them to do what I need. Maybe sometimes I don't like the one she noticed at the party. Others I do. I wait and avoid saying it, asking it. I wait for them to offer it or do it. I want to be noticed but I hide. I want to be heard but stay silent. I want my mother to care, to ask my what's wrong. I want her to suddenly know about me so I don't have to tell. 

Yesterday when I arrived, when Catherine left me home, she was seated at the table. She turned off her tablet when I sat by her side. I talked. I opened up but not about what I wanted. I talked about graduation and the robes and the theater and party. I talked about those things that don't want or care about. I don't want to go to the party, I don't care about the generation, I don't want to wear their robes or colors, I don't care about my graduation. 

I kept to myself the things I do care and want. I didn't say how I care about them not noticing, that I want to change my body, that I care about the way people see me and expect from me. 

Even writing it is hard for me. Just as it was to say it to them. "To be clear, the thing that you talk about, that thing that you keep avoiding and rambling, is it about your sexuality?" 

What an elegant way to put it. My sexuality. It's not wrong, but neither is it precise. It's part of my sexuality but it's more than that. It's about my identity about who I am. It's not just the clothes or even the sex. It's what's makes me Me. 

My problem is not my sexuality. My problem is Me. And is that it is a problem. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-13
Words:   801
Minutes: 24

Tomorrow will be two weeks without Facebook. It's been almost three since I started medication and more than a month since the last chat with Monica. 
This is the third sunday that I had done nothing. I have my book and my videogame. I have tons of homework some for today and some for the week. Yet being in bed is the most appealing idea. I slept before breakfast and I slept after. I woke up just before eating. 
I told her how having so much food is really stressing me out. I grabbed the rest of the sandwich I left from yesterday and ate just a quarter. I took a bite of the potato salad and it was old. It didn't taste right. It had more than 3 days, of course it would taste foul. I threw it away. I ate meat and half a baked potato. I took a bite of the jalapeo and it was the most spiced I've tasted since I can remember. Two tacos and a piece of meat. I'm full. I'll keep losing weight. I hope I do. I hope my body changes, I want to lose muscle and fat. 
"We have always see you the same" they said. "What's the point of wearing those clothes? People see me the same way. The only thing that changes is the clothes." 
Did I dream something? I woke up to a message from her. 
"I know you don't like these images, but I saw this one and thought of you" 
There was a phrase spray-painted on a wall. "Ests bien bonita". You are so pretty. 
Does she really think that? Sometimes she looks at me and smiles. She stares at my eyes and I see how she gets lost in them. There's something in my sight that captivates her. As if she were looking for something. 
She whispers or draw the words with her lips. You are pretty, she says, while looking straight at me just before she smiles. How can I not smile? How can I believe it? 
I asked her. I've asked her before, but maybe asking her several times will give me different answers. Or maybe listening to the same one will make me believe it more. 
"When you tell me that, do you really believe it? I feel as if you see me attractive and just change the gender of the compliment before saying it more than that you really see me femininely attractive." 
When she sees me attractive she feels weird. She can see how I look good, how I'm attractive, the weird thing is that she liked it before.
She liked seeing me with short hair, with beard, with formal clothes. She found me handsome because she saw me as Ivan. 
Now, she says, my face has changed. It looks different framed by the long hair, without the facial hair. It seems softer, finer. 
She feel me as Sofia. She likes what she sees. Whenever she tells me is because she saw a face or something that she liked. Something that made me be seen as a woman: a smile, a sight, a movement or a pose. 
She told me later how she doesn't believe me when I tell her. 
I've told her a couple times recently. We were lying down, whether in Argana or in my bed, I was in her arms. I felt small and fragile. I felt safely with her. Nothing could hurt me, nothing mattered. I liked it and I liked her. I told her. 
I looked for her eyes and I said what I never say. 
Why would I say it if I didn't believe it, she tells herself trying to convince herself that it's real. 
 
Is it impossible to me to say what I need? I wanted to, it wasn't the feeling of must, or should. It wasn't even that I could. It was that I wanted. I felt the words dancing in my throat waiting to be said. What would happened? Would she had cried? She would had asked questions. Would she believe me? 
Maybe it's just a phase. You're taking antidepressants, are you sure it's not just the depression? You didn't show any signs. Are you not just gay? 

Are those the same things I'd asked myself? Did I believe myself? I know I cried. 

Eusebio and Jessica said none of those things. They believed me. I don't know if the y understood, but now I know they care. 
They're not my parents. 

"You told us you referred to him in feminine, If he wanted me to, he just needs to ask. We can support you." 
Am I scared that she would say the same thing? Why does it scares me just the same to have her support as to have her rejection? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-14
Words:   776
Minutes: 23

"I want to wear a dress" "Yeah? Which one?" "I don't know, just because" "It's the first time that you say it. You always ask in what I want to see you or something like that, but never that you want to." 
"Let's go @hewhosstilloutoffuckingfacebook" 

Yesterday before I fell asleep I told her I love her. I didn't say I love, love her. There's not difference in english, maybe that's why they are so afraid of that word. In spanish we can say we care for someone, we like someone, we like them very much or we love them. In french it used to make me laugh how it was backwards. To say someone "te quiero" you say you love them very much. To say you love them, which is stronger and heavier, you take out the very much. To them it means more when you say less. 
She didn't expect that. I saw the screencap she took of that part of the conversation today when we were to register to te EGEL test. Which I should be doing right now. 
I was nervous that they couldn't print the certification of my second language. Today they didn't have system but they should tomorrow. What if when I ask them to, when I give them my student number it comes up empty. What would I do? Why do I worry of that? 
Catherine told me I've lost weight, I look skinnier. I saw myself thinner today when I took my clothes off. I liked it. I look specifically how my chest looked. I remember worrying about that in Spain. If I lost weight, would my chest look slimmer? Is that something good or bad? 
When I was younger I hated that part of me. Deep inside there was the curiosity and desire to wear a bra. That's why it was so hurting and uncomfortable when my parents would ask me if I wanted one or if I could wear one. I don't think I've ever stopped to think about that. I wear one now, not right now, but several times a week. I own three. They're mine. They're not stolen or borrowed or leased. I bought them, they're my size. It sounds so normal and so weird at the same time. It's incredible when Catherine talks about my breasts. When she caresses them or grabs them. What does she looks for when she opens my "blouse"?, as she calls them now. Why would she like it if "there's nothing there". I can't comprehend fully whenever she corrects me and tells me there is something. 
"You fill them", she says. I've looked, I put them on. I've seen. Why can't I believe it? 
Is it because I don't know how to feel? I like them, I do. If I didn't I wouldn't care about the idea of losing that fat when losing weight. But then, why did I feel whatever I felt when her mother noticed it? When she said that I looked thinner and it seems as if I had "little breasts", what did I feel exactly? 
Why do I cringe sometimes when she touches me there? Why do I feel as if she were mocking me? 
I have this idea of how I look, and how I know I look I should not had breasts. I look like a man. It bothers me to be a mixture. To have a face of something and a body of another. A part from here and another from there. Wasn't that what I wanted in the beginning? 
When I woke up I had some of those familiar longings. I texted her that I wanted a dress. And I did, I wanted it. I wanted to have one and take it out of the closet and bring it with me to the bathroom and wear it after stepping out of the shower. In my just woken mind, it seemed familiar and feasible. Something of everyday. I was hot and I wanted it. I have one but that wasn't it. I don't like that. I don't look well in that. I don't know of anyone in which I think I can look good enough. 
Every day is another way of how I remember and feel about what was said thursday. They said it, Jessica did. Do I want it? 
Maybe this thursday we will see Anahi. The idea of wearing leggings came up again. I'd walk to therapy and I'd see a patient and Anahi. 
But I think about what Jessica said. And what I want to say. What I want to ask? Do I? To her? 
Would she say yes? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-15
Words:   760
Minutes: 26

"What has changed since then, that you're more open and affective?" 

Today it rained like the day of pride. "Have you kissed in the rain before?" I asked her when we were both soaked. Was it then the first time I kissed someone under the rain? 
Liliana, her therapist, again referred to me in the masculine form. In their sessions she uses the other way. She corrected Catherine the first one. I heard her, when we left the first time I was there. Did she recognized me or really saw me as a woman? Maybe it was the way I was dressed, with Miguel's over-sized shirt and the leggings. 
I asked her, again, if I should use them thursday. She asked me to, now. It would make it be more normal, ordinary. How would Anahi react? I'd wear a lab coat in the hospital. Will someone from the class say something? Maybe they'll compliment it. Maybe someone will laugh, maybe they'll whisper things to themselves and point while they think I'm not looking. If it bothers me that much, why do I want to wear them so much? Why do I feel this need to be seen? 

"Do you remember what I told you about how I felt being with you on Pride? I've had that feeling pretty often. Even before Chevo's graduation." "Seeing you dressed like that, I had the sensation that it was right, it was the way it should be and I liked it. I really like being with you; with you I'm ok" 

I wore those same pair of leggings and her blue blouse. I don't kid myself thinking nobody noticed how I really looked. The thing is that I knew that and didn't care. I felt happy. I've always wondered what happiness is like, If I deserve it or if I'll recognize when I'd found it. That day, there with her, even after crying on the side of the street, or walking under the heavy rain looking for a spot to cover ourselves, reaching that point where we couldn't get any more wet. I shared that moment with me. I shared myself with all those people who didn't know me. Those strangers saw a part of me that the people who know me would not imagine. 

I'm in a fitting room. I took three shirts with me. I've always hated trying clothes out, and just a handful of times I've use any of these since I pick my own clothes. One of the shirts I grabbed was consciously in a size bigger. I like the feeling I get of being small. 
One of them is dark blue. This will be the shirt I won't buy, the first one I looked. The second is a light denim blue, I imagine wearing this one with black pants, even to myself I say it like if someone were listening. Deep inside I know I really thought of the leggings. This will be the one that I'd think about wearing with Chevo and Jessica the Thursday I'll let myself cry in front of them and when Jessica mentioned the pronouns. This will be the one that I'll consider wearing with Anahi and Rene and the hospital. The third is the large one. I look at my reflection, I notice that I'm slimmer and see the other mirror in the back. I can see my whole body with it. It's longer than I imagined. It looks like a dress. For a moment I think I'm actually wearing a dress in the Target's fitting room. It's not. It's a shirt. It looks baggier and bigger than I could stand. I'll end up exchanging it for a smaller size when I get out of here, after I take a last look at how I look. 

Closing the door behind me I realized I did thought about taking a picture and sending it to Catherine. I can't remember the reason why I didn't. 

Today I wore that white shirt with gray, dark and yellow thin lines. It's long and it still looks like a dress. Nobody says a thing in the whole day. Maybe nobody will say anything either that day. 

I didn't want to enter to Vinicio's class. We went to the movies instead, we saw Maze Runner. Thursday we'll see another one. 

The first time I accompanied Catherine to her therapy I dressed femininely. This last time that she went, she wore masculine outfit. I liked the way she looked. 

I really like being with her; being with her I'm ok. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-16
Words:   753
Minutes: 25

"Did you fall asleep, Sofia?"
"I hadn't thought that you were my feminine part. It was spontaneous saying that you were. ... My sex life now is with a woman. With you." 

Today was another Sunday. I woke up just for my pills. I don't remember exactly if I went straight back to bed. Even that it was a empty day I did not advance in any of the things that I should. I slept, I read and played. The schoolwork is as it were. I have assignments from Thanatology, from Brief Therapy. I'll have a test of Psycholingistics. There still are undone the chapters of our research project. I didn't even open the lecture and slides that I should had studied for yesterday. 

In a couple of months I'll take the license exam. Everybody worries about that test, it's questions and grades. I worry about what comes next. It used to calm me, the idea of Chevo and Jessica graduating before me. Seeing them struggling to get a job and stand on their own feet was supposed to be something that would ease my nerves. They had a job on the table even before the last exam. They both did. 

What will I do? How will I stand? How will I live? Not what will I do for living, HOW will I live? 

I can't even decide the clothes I'll wear tomorrow. I took out the labcoat so I won't forget it. We will see our first patient. The professor will be there supervising, watching everything. Tomorrow's supposed to be observation. We will observe and ask questions to know how we will evaluate. What we will look for. It scares me not to plan it. Going empty handed, unprepared. It's suffocating. 
How did I think I could go wearing that? 

I put on the shirt again and looked myself in the mirror. I ask her if she wanted to see it. Either she didn't see it or consciously ignored it. It's pathetic. I'm pathetic. I worry that everyone will laugh because they have a reason to. What would the patient think? His parents? Would the professor say something? 

Even before today I had already planned of changing before entering the class. The class starts at one and a half in the afternoon. Catherine will meet me after my therapy. I already spent the money. No, I haven't. I used part of it for gas. I have the one for tomorrow and the weeks full amount. 

I have nothing to worry. I am in control. Everything's about that: control. I am scared of death because is out of my control. I am scared of asking for what I need because it means ceasing the control of it. 
"You can't reject me if you don't know me". 
They can't deny me what I want if I don't ask for ti.  
They can't hurt me if they don't know what I care about. 

I protect myself as if I've been hurt my entire life. 

No one has rejected me. Not a single person and yet I distrust them. 

Monica denied it. I didn't remember. Catherine brought it up. When I mentioned the phrase I've been repeating this whole week, Catherine said it and commented how she first thought about what Monica has said. "She told you, that she wouldn't, couldn't, call you that until there were physical changes. And here was Jessica, saying how she could, you only had to ask it". 

I didn't want to talk to her. I didn't want to be talked. I didn't shut her up or denied her. I just ignored her and avoided her. 
"I am aggressive and you are passive-aggressive." I sent her a fuck you dressed up in silence. 

She didn't know why I was so mad the night before we last saw each other. I wasn't mad except for the fact that I was. I was angry at her for all the times that I was and denied it. For all the things I wanted but didn't ask. For what she didn't do because she didn't know. 

I'm not excusing her except for the fact that I am. 

I didn't asked it, but she denied it. Can it work like that? Maybe I should break the month's silence and tell her about everything, my meds, the graduation, Chevo and Jessica's chat, what they said, what I haven't. 

I realized I don't want support because I don't know what to do with it. 

What do you think? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-17
Words:   798
Minutes: 31

"Don't go yet, help me pick a shirt... Catherine?"
"Did you exit your house like this? Nobody said anything?" ... "I planned to start the session mentioning it, but didn't. If you hadn't said it, probably I wouldn't have." "You mentioned feeling not being seen". 
"I was going to ask you what would yo do if Manuel implied something with me, if you'd feel jealous. Then I remembered about Monica, and what you said you felt when somebody pursued her. And it led me to that same feeling of you not being seen." 
"I like your body" "Even though it's a man's body?" "No, it is not. It's a woman's" 
"I was in Instagram and remembered. When I met you and added you as a friend on Facebook I saw you had the picture of the pizza cats ... That's why I kept talking to you"

Yesterday I took the leggings and the gray tank top. From the drawers, the black, ironically named, boy shorts, and the gray bra. It was unusual the lightness of the bunch of clothes. I had picked the new shirt but left it in the chair. After my grandmother leaving, this morning's departure would be with the house empty. I could dress however I liked. And I did. I took a shower and almost forgot to shave my chest and pits. I stepped back in and finished. Then it was the turn to my face after dressing myself. Everyday I'm a little bit more comfortable with my own reflection. I'm not ok with it. But I can bear it. 

I'm in front of the mirror with a shirt in each hand. I take both and put them on my bed. I look at my phone and see the pictures I took that I would send her. She hasn't answered to my texts. Should I wear this or the other? I like the blue, but I don't. I fear that I'll look half man, half woman. A male upper figure on top of female long legs. I see the other one, the safer choice. I've worn it before, but I've worn it before. She has already seen me with it. It's bigger, it covers more of my body and makes me look smaller. 

I fear the looks of everybody that crosses my way. From the lady next door that saw me as I exited, to the medicine student that looked like Mario, to the previous patient of Rene that later was seated two seats beside me in class, to the guy who offered to clean my car's lights, to the two clerks at the sex shop. 

"I don't know anymore what I want: I want people close, but when they are, I want them away. I want to be seen, but when I am, I wish I were invisible".

We were supposed to meet with Anahi. I wanted it, I wanted to be seen by her. It was supposed to be an opportunity to make it more normal by wearing the clothes with another person. She ended up not going and we did the thing we usually do. It was the same thing as always, but done in a very different way. 

I keep telling her I really like her. "You are pretty, you are very pretty. I want to be pretty like you". It surprises me that I don't lie. Why do I give her my truth for free? Is it really free? Sometimes I think I could convince myself I'm the most expensive relationship in the world. 

I wish I had her Miguel or her Carlos. I want a friend for me. I want someone in whom I can confide. A person who lends me an ear and a shoulder. I used to have Monica's but she ended giving me her back and silence. Sometimes I delude myself that I miss her when in reality I miss those things I didn't have from her anymore. I'd do anything for having a contact in my phone to which I could start a conversation telling what I write here. Saying that today I did wore them after much thinking, that Rene saw them, that walking alone was the hardest thing I've ever done, that being noticed more with Catherine made me think that maybe they noticed and studied my appearance because of the image of two girls holding hands, that I like her, I really do, that with her I start to feel a start of happiness, that when she says to me that she likes my body, even though it goes against everything that  feel, I believe her. 

I'd do anything to have a person to whom I can say those things and more.

Would I? Even reaching out the Chevo and Jessica? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-18
Words:   761
Minutes: 43

"Hello, girls... guys" 
"So she doesn't know what she wants?... so she decides until the last moment?" 
"I can't think of the phrases for today" "I love you" 

I changed shirt at the last minute. I wore yesterday's second choice. 

I've arrived to the faculty. I'm alone. Catherine texted me to say her mother was taking her to school. The firsts benches in the languages faculty are not empty so I chose one close to the wall that lets me rest my back. I check my phone and see her text. I walk to the grass near the theater. What's the difference of the pair of leggings and the jeans I'm wearing today? Why was I so vulnerable in them and now feel confident? I don't care that my shirt is almost open. I don't care if someone see the edge of the bra whispering its form in my undershirt. I see her seated with the blue gameboy in her hands. I don't think of it, but she has a piece of my childhood with which she's playing a memory of my even younger years. What is on my mind is the intention of taking a picture before she notices my presence. I end up seating by her side and sharing the game before RF, Jessica, or Paola arrives. 

I'm not in the grass playing with her, waiting. I'm sitting in my computer with the empty page in the monitor and the cursor blinking. I'm waiting, but not playing. I'm sitting, but not with her.  I have my earphones on and there's a familiar start of a melody.  

I'm not here anymore. I'm there. I'm with her, but not her. We have heard this song before, was it the radio or was it her iphone? It was recently, because we both have it in our minds. It's a rainy day. We don't know it, but it's the last time we'll go out. We're in a park, we've walked around and now we're inside a gazebo. I have her in my arms and want her. She's with me but isn't. I'm not sad, I'm angry. The music is in our minds but isn't. It's her phone, she has brought it out. It's in her hand which is around my neck. We start dancing. We've never slow-danced before. Did we start dancing because of the music playing or did the music play because we started dancing? After the song ended we finally kiss, and we kiss again, and again for the final time. Neither of us knows that, too. 

The song ended and I'm here again. 

I started to feel happy recently. As a reminder, I had a dream where I had those familiar depressive symptoms. That usual gray shadow with which my memories are tinted. Everything about it felt familiar: the irritability, the sadness, the self-hate, the absence of energy and will. I had it all, everything I've known so well. 

When I woke up I wasn't sad, neither was I angry. I felt fear. I was scared. I woke up worried and soaked in a sense of failure. 
"I've fallen again, I've lost." 

The sharp contrast between full colored present and my shadowy past hurt me. It's been three weeks and it already feels like a lifetime. 

I experienced that contrast again in Zayra's work class. Catherine was the first patient. Anna was the second. She picked the paper that Catherine didn't. 

She was me except she wasn't. I'm not a middle aged woman who has been through a divorce. Everything else was my own role. 
I heard her mellow and weak voice and watched her slow moves void of energy. She was thrown in her chair with all the weight of her sadness over her shoulders. It was as if she had a full storm cloud over her head and she didn't care. Or she did, but couldn't do anything about it. 

"Do I sounded like Anna?" I asked her after class when we walked to the store. "Yes, a little" 

It was scary, she said, whenever I got angry, because I had so much energy. It was as if I had came back to life. 

There was a blast of energy that had been inside me. It wasn't an energy full of life; it was an energy of death. It was a destructive force. Anger, hate, death. Why wouldn't she be scared? 

"Your husband left and it seems as if he had taken your life, too". 

I guess there is a reason why I call flouxetine: "my life pills". 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-19
Words:   762
Minutes: 29

"I told you, that there were times when I was a child that I went to sleep believing that my parents didn't love me" ... "I really cried right now. I remembered that and I thought that I believed that then, and now, if my parents knew about me, they really would not love me."
"How much time did you put them for? ... I told you one minute! I clearly said that one minute! ... Eat your fucking salad!" 
"I saw him standing there with his full eyes filled with pain and shame, he couldn't find his a place where he'd fit. I saw myself in him." 
"I had my hands on your rib cage, under your chest. I don't know, I told you, I feel you as a woman, and I caress you and, yeah, you are Sofa for me. You said you had a man's body or something like that. I told you: no, a woman's" 

I am a child. It's dark and every light is out but I still can't sleep. There's something on my mind and I wish I weren't alone. I'm not older than 8. There is already the new room in the house. I want my father with me, I want to be noticed, I want to be seen. My parents room is dark, too. In my head, I have a fantasy where one of them will wake up and see me on the step, tired, asleep. They will think about the time I spent here waiting while they carry me back to my bed. They'll feel guilt. How couldn't they notice before that I was needing them? I don't want to wake them. A part of me wishes to fulfill the childish nightdream, and another is scared that I'll be seen as a needy little baby. I'm afraid they'll get angry with me. I lie here on the wooden step and look to the empty darkness that hides my parents bed. Soon one will wake. They'll come and find me, I have to pretend to be asleep. Maybe I can stay awake and explain why I didn't bother them. I want to see their reaction.  I want them to see my face.  The minutes keep passing by. There is a clock that ticks loudly on the first floor. I'm hearing the time as it keeps singing. I open and close my eyes and I see no difference. There is a time when I don't know if I have them open or closed. I wake up and I'm not on my bed. I still am on the wooden step. I still am unseen and unnoticed. I didn't speak, I didn't go, I didn't ask. I don't. 

I'm 22 years old and dreaming. I parked in front of her house. There's just me on the car. She doesn't know I'm here. I don't think I want her to know. What am I looking? What am I doing here? I see her cousin, Karla. She sees me and maybe wonders those questions, too. Her smile is warm but I feel threatened. She goes to Monica's house. Now she knows I'm here. I'm not inside anymore, I'm outside when she exits and her nephew is following her. I'm not alone anymore, Luis is in the car. Monica greets Luis. I am acknowledged. She didn't smile, she didn't say a word, but I'm sure she saw me. We all get in the car. The driver's seat is empty and yet the car moves. This is not normal, Ruben asks how I'm doing it. Do I know the answer? Does it get explained? I decide where the car goes but I'm not driving. We go around the block and back. The car parks before her house, the ride is not over. The dream isn't over yet.  Am I or she the one who tells them both to go ahead before us? Everyone says their good byes except us. I'm not on the front seat, I'm back with her. We are in front of each other. The boys are outside and they walk out of our sight. We are left behind and the doors are closed. She is now sitting over my leg and looks me in the eyes. What am I feeling? Am I sad? Am I angry? I know what has happened, I have not forgotten the silence. We are still surrounded by it. She is the one who breaks it. I see the water in her eyes, her pain and sadness when she explains:

"You cut me off". 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-20
Words:   774
Minutes: 29

What can you say about a day when nothing was said?

This is the third Sunday after my medication and everyone has been the same. The sleep, the tiredness, the absence of energy and loss of will. What is it about this day? 

"Take a shower, sometimes just getting clean makes me feel better".  I hadn't bathed since Friday. Did I dream something today? What filled my nighttime? Was I just dead the whole time? Am I dead now? 

There's been a couple of weeks since I should had finished the chapter of the work. I haven't started. What is it that keeps me from doing it? This is my last semester. These are the last subject I have to pass before graduating and being a professional. Why don't I believe in that title? I'd be the first or second in the class and I feel like the last. Like a joke. "Psychologist". I feel like a dwarf being called a giant or an ogre winning a beauty pageant. 

I look for graduate school: a specialty, a masters, something, anything. I should be ready to work but I feel useless and inept. I just want to support my own life. The weight of carrying a family or a partner is gone from back, and yet my shoulders are tired with just the idea of seeing about my own future. 

Is this the depression talking or are these just sunday's words? Will every sunday be like these? Does my life pills take the Sabbath, too? 

It's been a couple days shy of the three months that I've taken them. A little more than three weeks. The primary effects may appear between the first and twelve weeks. I'm in the first quarter. Every depressed person struggles to find the right medication and the precise dose. I have felt some effects. I've lost several of the secondary ones. I feel better and look better. There is no doubt about that. I have more energy, I talk differently, there is variance in the tone of my words, there is life in my movements. I can say things, I can see clearly, clearer.  

Not all my problems are gone. My principal problem is not gone. The idea of forgetting it, ignoring it, just thinking about putting it aside and focus on the exceptions. What are the times when I don't feel it? When do I feel it less? 

I'm between Catherine's arms. She is holding me tightly and her scent caresses my all the way from my neck through my lips to my nose. The lights are dimmed and we are both in our underwear. She says my skin is soft but her fingers are barely touching me. 

I'm walking to my car. Catherine is by my side. My hands searches for hers and the fingers shyly ask her's for permission to hide in her palm. I see people staring at us and I don't care. They look to our hands' embrace and then scan my outfit and face. I'm seen. I'm noticed. I'm not invisible. 

I'm sitting in the copilot's seat. The back is reclined all the way and my face is hidden in my arm. Catherine is on the other side looking for my smile. She gets lost in the black of my eyes, the darkness between the white that whispers from inside my curls and is barely seen in the small opening in my arm. 

I'm in the back seat of my own car. Catherine's head is resting on my legs. Her eyes are close and her skin is immobile under the tips of my fingers. I get close to her and embrace her. My whole body is covering her. Her laugh is barely heard outside us. 

I'm on the second floor of the child's hospital. Catherine and I are both outside feeling the dances of the wind. She imprisons my between her own arms. I open my shirt teasing her, showing my own undershirt and the draft of my underwear underneath.  Her hands pose themselves on my navel and hold me in my place. "I love your body",  she confesses the unbelievable known secret. 
"Really?", I doubt. "Even though it's a man's?"  
"No" I knew it. It's obvious. No one can love the unlikable. "It's not a man's. It's a woman's" 

My fingers are wet inside her. My voice tiptoes to her ear to be listened. My words get drowned in her moans and my name. She puts herself inside me after promising what she'll do to me. We make each other come. 

She makes me hers. I'm hers. 

She's mine. 

My exception is her. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-21
Words:   771
Minutes: 42

"So you like feeling bad? ... For homework you'll feel bad. You'll keep doing everything you usually do for feeling the way you do. Whenever you're sad you'll give yourself a pat on the back and tell you what a good job you're doing. When, if ever, you feel happy, you'll slap yourself and say "no, asshole, you're supposed to feel bad, that's the way you like it"

*after skipping to Psycholinguistics* "I want to skip research. I don't feel like entering. I have this idea of not going, dropping of the folder with someone and just not go. Do you want to eat pizza?" 

"The day before the accident, my parents were arguing ... we all were in the car going home. I was awake and a dog crossed the way. My mother said to my father to watch out. He, instead of braking, pushed the gas. He hit the dog and the car moved when we passed him over. ... I was awake and felt everything, says my mom ... I remember whenever I see a dog like that. It makes me nervous, I always get scared and anxious whenever a see one like that or I'll get scared when a dog passes by thinking I'd pass it over." 

I'm in fourth semester of high school. I don't feel well. It's been months since the last time I've feel good about something. I've talked with Alan but he doesn't help. I have "friends" but they don't really know me. I haven't realize it yet, but deep inside I feel it. I feel lonely. I feel out of reach, unknown. There is no hope but I don't how to put it into words. I need help but I don't know how to speak. 

I feel an inner need of escaping. There's something inside me that urges me to run. I don't care about classes, I don't care about school, I don't care about anyone care and I don't care about anyone at home. I have this vague idea in my head, an amalgam of images that appear and disappear whenever I blink. I'm crying. My hands are on the wheel and my foot in the pedal. The front of the car meets a wall somewhere and everything turns to darkness. 

I'll do it. I'll make it happen. I'm tired of all of it and I'll end it. Would anyone here miss me? Would anyone anywhere care? 

A part of me thinks it's not what I really want. I've yet learned how to ask for help. I tell Alan of not entering. It's not my idea and it's not his either. Antonio, Diana. They'll accompany us, too. Monica, Joanna. They're with us when the plan is born and gets formed with the ideas of everyone. We'll go to the park, I'll drive. I'll drive them. Everyone can come. Is Antonio with us? I'm not sure. Monica is supposed to come. I want her with me more than anyone else. I want her company, I want her to help me. I want her. 

She tells us how we should go but she'll stay. "It's a bad idea", a part of me whispers from within my ear. "Stay. You don't want to go. Stay with her". 

"Go, you should go" She says over and over. Her own words are what convinces me. Her pleading of leaving her are what forbids me to end up the plan even though it's not what I really want. I go to the parking and open the doors and put on my seatbelt and turn the ignition and drive thinking about those words.  Until a lot later will I understand she was convincing herself more than us that that was what she really wanted. She can't go. She can't skip class because they will pick her up from here. She doesn't trust my driving. If I knew this now, would I think about how I was just thinking about crashing or would I just feel bad? 

I have fun. I laugh. I'm surrounded by people who laugh and live.  Inside there's still a part of that's dead but for a while I live with them.

"They abandoned you" she was told at that same time. "They left you behind. I can't believe it". 

I was the bad guy. I left her. It wasn't my idea. It wasn't what I wanted or needed. I did it because of her words.

"You guys suck" is the text I receive from her and read over and over before I finally go home and bury myself in my bed and stay dead. 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-22
Words:   775
Minutes: 29

"I feel proud of you"
"I always see you arguing. You never really agree with anything. You disagree with the world." 
"Do you want to cry? Why are you repressing it? Let it go. Just let it out."
"We were supposed to control the variables. At least now we know Chevo and Jessica are not the cause of the illness."

I had given some thought about it. I wanted to, and the idea was already there from sometime before. What was exactly the reason why I didn't went on with it I don't know. Maybe I got stuck with the idea that the account was going to be synchronized with the Facebook profile. There are numerous internet applications that publicly announce your progress on your Facebook wall for all of your contacts to see. 

In Spain I did something similar. I had this same idea of killing that image persona. I didn't, though, I created another one. I was dissociated from who I was. To some I was Ivan, to her I was me. I signed up a new google mail and created a profile in that social network that nobody really uses. She could talk with me on there. She changed the name with which I appeared on her applications. Whenever she got a notification on her phone about a new dying picture from me from another part of the world, Sofa was the name which illuminated her screen. The messages that gave light to her midnights were from Sofa. 

A part me, a big one, felt ridiculous the sound of that name. Saying it aloud made me cringe. It was like my own nails scratching a board. The sensation went from the back of my neck slowly dragging itself all along my spine. It was a lie. It was my name. I was a lie. 

I'm with her and she whispers it on my ear. She moans it right before climax. She says aloud whenever we are alone to grab my attention. It is my name. The sensation is gone. Am I still a lie? Have I become truth? 

"I like being your girlfriend" Did I ever imagine I would say those words to her? To anyone? Before Monica I never imagined myself being in a romantic relationship with someone. Love was something for other people. It was their game which I never really understood the rules. When she came, when I got her, I was baffled. "Now what?" What was being somebody's boyfriend? I picked her up, I took her to places, I made her smile and gave her gifts. I loved her. I woke up with her smile on my mind and fell asleep with her name on my lips. Loving her was natural to me. Being a boyfriend was a role. It was tiring, it was artificial. 

We were going to return home early. We planned yesterday not going to the study group. Skipping Vinicio's class wasn't part of that plan. 

We did things that we hadn't done in a lot of time. We went to the alitas. Nobody doubted when seeing me. It feels like a distant memory thinking about a time when they did. Did they really or did I hear it? Did I look different than now? Maybe there's something in me.

I drank. Catherine was the one who made the connection. Both times that I had a migraine I had drunk before. Prozac worsens the effects of alcohol on the body. Alcohol is a depressant. It made sense. But was it really the alcohol? Was my pain physical? Did it come from my blood or did it come from deeper within me? Both times it felt strong, like a deep hollowness screaming from my chest. A growing darkness that was going to swallow me from the inside. Even the outside lights made me sick. It was literally like my world was darker. 

We talked. We talked inside the restaurant and we talked outside on the taxi stop. The little girl's mother sat beside me and the girl kept standing. When we got up, she took my seat. She looked at me. Did she saw me? What do kids see or think when I'm caught in their sight? Do they notice me? Are their thoughts different?

On the way back we continued talking. 

Spain, Chile, Consuela and Raul, Carlos. 

When we arrived we continued in her car. 

Monica. Chevo. Omar. 

I cried talking about Monica. She listened to me. We explained our past.

We talked like the way we used to when the time outside went on and our conversation was immune to it. 

Ivan. Catherine. Sofia. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-23
Words:   804
Minutes: 33

"How far along is she on her change? ... Yes, you know, the change from Ivan to Sofia" 
"Have Chevo and Jessica passed the shock stage?" 

She was supposed to come today. I knew it. Her text message woke me up in the morning. "Lazy Sofia". Will the name ever become ordinary? Will the day come when I read it or hear it from her voice and feel it my own? There are times when I get lost myself in this role. "Have you ever forgotten that I am biologically male?" "Uh, I guess". I have. Sometimes I do, and those are the best and worst of times. 

In her other messages she informed me. She would make food and I could brew the tea. It's 8 in the morning and my alarm would sound two hours later. She'd leave her house at 11. I should be ready, showered and dressed for her arrival 20 minutes later. Dark leggings and long shirt. The shirt was going to wait in the back of my chair. So the pants and the underwear with a gray a-shirt were, again, lighter than my usual load of clothes. I brushed my teeth and got in the shower. I cleaned myself. Soaped my whole body and detangled my messy and curly hair. Lots and lots of single strands of curls got stuck in my fingers. One by one I'd take them off and let them fall with the water. 

When I stepped out I tied my hair and dressed myself. It was early. In my phone there was a message from her telling me that she was exiting her house a little late. She was on her way. I could shave in the meantime. It took me almost the exact time to her arrival. I was rinsing my face when the phone in my back pocket started vibrating. I opened the door with the control in my hand for the gate but she was already parked in front. My shirt was unbuttoned, just like I knew she likes it. It wasn't intentional. 

We went to my room. There was no one on the house and yet again I had to close the door. She took her shoes out from her backpack. I gave her the girdle and her thin blouse. She left the shoes on my closet. She'd love for me to receive her, open the door, walk to her car, wait for her wherever we're going to go, wearing them. She liked how they looked with the pants with the shirt. She really liked it. Did she like the outfit or did she like me? Is there a difference? 

As soon as I dressed myself, we undressed each other. We touched just barely enough to feel. The minimum is more than enough. The light graze, our secret language. I was inside of her before she were inside of me. I wore the condom. I didn't had to touch it for me to cum. Her fingers and her thrusts brought me to climax. We lied there, lost in my bed, lost in time, lost in our bodies. 

She always asks me to exit her just after she orgasms. She pulls my fingers moving inside of her, dripping wet. Today they stayed. She moaned and breathed. She closed her eyes and exhaled as I pushed them inside. She came, and came, and came again. 

We stayed there and did it again. I changed from just my underwear. I put clothes again. I like do the normal stuff with her. 

Yesterday she called me. She talked with Carlos after a day of remembering him. He asked her to talk instead of messaging. Could she do it? It's easier for both of us to write than speak. I wasn't the only theme of their conversation but I was a part of it. 

He uses my name. He uses it. Why if it is my most private and intimate thing does he know it? Catherine explained him but she wasn't as convince of her own reason. "It's not that I don't want people to know, it's that I can't say it myself". 

"How far along the change is she?", he asked. He asked initially if he should refer to me in feminine. Catherine didn't ask him. He proposed. The same with the name. "None" Catherine answered. It's true. I haven't changed. I'm still the same. Yesterday when I heard, I though how I was fake. I'm still Ivan. It wasn't until now that I'm writing and remembering that I see it's not true. I have not changed. I haven't started HRT, I haven't do laser, I have not change a thing biologically. 

I am still the same. I have not changed. 

I can't keep being something I never was. 

I am not Ivan. s

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-24
Words:   787
Minutes: 30

"Monica was my normality" "She was your defense" "Yes, she was part of my mask"
"It's paradoxical, ironic, the more comfortable I get with my body, the more conscious is the longing to change it" 
"The kid has AIDS... their brother, sister, brother, yes brother, he dresses up as a woman at nights. They picked her up from a shooting gallery ..." 

I haven't worn these pants since Europe. Why did I put them on today? I have other clean ones. Why did I dig up part of my past? 
Was it intentional the contrast between this and my last session? "Were you wearing that outfit?" he asked when I told him about the previous patient. He exited again just as I entered. Does he recognize me? He took the tests from my hand later in class. Did he see? 

We broke fast in the cheap mexican restaurant near the university. There was one of the first places where I wore the underwear. I remember the discomfort of thinking someone would notice. Later I would change clothes just outside. Was my car or hers? I putted on her blouse and later my skirt. It's been several times now that I changed in the car. Going to downtown, going to the beach, down in her neighborhood, down in mine. I've changed a lot of times in the car. It hurts that I have to change in the first place. 

"If you started hormones, would you wear the clothes outside, normally?" 

I used to think of them as this magic potion that would change me inside-out. This switch that once flicked, would make me this different, normal person. I loath this invisibility and yet I long for a different kind. I want to be lost in the crowd. Do I want to be seen or not? Being noticed or ignored, which is the one I prefer? 

I feel tired. It's not even nine and half in the afternoon and my eyes feel heavy. 

I ended up as Penelope waiting for my paramour, expecting the one that left and ignoring the one who returned. 

Catherine asked me if I wanted to wait. Finish mourning Monica. Giving me a break. Do I want that? I thought I didn't. When she said it I felt fear of losing her too. I like being with her. It's natural, it's liberating. I like her and like me with her. 

I was Monica's boyfriend. I'd lie if I said it felt awkward or uncomfortable. It wasn't even fake. It was just artificial. It was a role that I had to play. Another expectation to be fulfilled. It was the future that I "wanted". The future that I ought to reach. With her I was a man because I had to. 

I stopped having dreams and urges when I was with her. I hit low bottom and she brought me up, or that's what I thought. I had never really resurfaced. I thought I knew what depression felt like in highschool, in reality I didn't know what its absence felt until a month ago. I wasn't depressed there. I've been depressed my whole life. I was so afraid to die that I never took the opportunity to actually live. 

I knew what a smile looked like, but not how it felt. 

I liked being Monica's boyfriend. I like that part of my past, of my life. I cherish and value those memories. 

I'm not and never want to be Catherine's boyfriend. I don't want to play a role with her. I don't want to fake, I don't want to wear masks or disguises. I love her because she sees me as who I really am, it's absurd to be something I'm not with her. 

What will my parents think? 

"The moment I imagine that we would share after the graduation, that intimate time in which we would both be wearing dresses alone in our hotel room... I saw us dancing" 

I told him my hypothesis of the sundays' weight. The burden of time ahead may be what pushes me to my bed and sucks the life from my body. 

Whenever I mentioned the graduation and the party it always felt so distant. This event that would happen in a thousand tomorrows with a lot of life in-between. "I wanted to feel me, like I ought not to hide anything from the people there. That's why I didn't want to take my parents ... maybe they will know by then" 

Will they really? 

My prescription is running out and I have to fill it again. Should I tell them or pay them myself? Will they ask? 

If I start talking of it I won't hide the why. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-25
Words:   800
Minutes: 29

"I may not have Facebook, but I have Whatsapp" 
"Are you feeling ok?" 

I saw Anahi today. She was standing in the principal building. Her hair was red as when we met, it was tied in a lazy ponytail with a little piece of cloth. Catherine was wearing a blue dress, Anahi's blouse  was blue, too, but in a different shade. My t-shirt was a pinkish red, but my pants were blue. Today I didn't wore that kind of underwear. I was topless when Luis came up to ask me to help him cook a piece of chicken. I was already finishing shaving. I thought about inviting him to look. Why do I want to share that part of my routine? From all of my hygiene rituals, that's the manliest. Shaving my face with a safety razor. Do I want people to know I do manly things? Why don't I feel the same with the shaving of my legs or body? Even when I do it, there's still a contrast. I have to put a shirt on so I don't see the bra. Looking at my face lathered and seeing the straps on my shoulders. 

Today I didn't wore it and didn't have to worry about people hugging me and their hands exploring my back. Last time that I was going to see Anahi, my clothes were so different. 

In the morning Chevo created a group with us. Catherine, Jessica, Paola. The group was called Chevicathivanilita. An amalgam of our names. I was the one who named him and Jessica "Chevica". I think I was the one who came up with a similar amalgam. Until now I hadn't realized Anahi was missing from the name. I noticed her absence from the group when Chevo started saying about his intention of going some place new. "A place where none of the six have gone". There were five of us in the group. We started being 7. 

I'm in the Jetta. I think I am behind the wheel. We were in the park. It's thursday and we go somewhere every Thursday after Psychopathology class in the hospital. We stared this tradition and we will continue it all 4th semester. It's one of the first things we start doing as a group of friends. We are the team of seven but one member is missing. Eusebio said he had plans this thursday so we are only 6. We're driving to a pizza place. Someone came up with the idea of going to the argentinian place that's near here, but we don't want to go there without Chevo. It's our place, we all should go there. I don't know exactly where I'm driving. Finally I recognize the street. A couple meters ahead it's that place. One of the girls sees Chevo. He brought Paloma to the place we didn't want to go without him. Paolas scream something to him from the window. "We are seven, never eight, we rather be six". 

I am in fourth semester. The classes have ended yet I am in the faculty. Catherine and Anahi are with me. We are outside of the little office beside the bathrooms. There is a paper in Anahi's hands. Her eyes are tearful and there's and air of sadness around us. We hug. This is good-bye. This will be the first of the many farewells. 

The classes have started. Monica has broken up with me. We finished with the procedure and the papers for our semester abroad. We are with a foot in here and the other outside. We're not leaving until next year but our minds are already out of the country. It's night outside but we all are still in class. We are in a technique from Humanistic and existential theories class. Paola goes to the front and Catherine talks to her about what has happened recently. Everyone offered their help but Catherine spoke what was in our minds. "We want to help you but there's no point if you don't let us". She starts crying and exits the classroom. As a group we go after her and leave the class behind. We all say something and some of us cry. We all offer our help to her. She will get pregnant and leave, we don't know it yet. When it finally happens, everyone already will have seen it coming. 

I gave everyone a little different key. I broke mine but replaced it. I know Catherine has hers but I don't remember seeing recently any of the rest. Paola mocked my words when I told her "all of our doors will always be open". "Always... always", she repeated after me with a sarcastic disbelief. I remember getting offended and angry, maybe it was because deep inside I could smell my own bullshit. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-26
Words:   775
Minutes: 26

"I don't feel well. I feel like I look bad. My hair is messy, my body is fat and wide and I didn't shave well. I look at myself in the mirror and I don't like what I look. I move a little and I can see that I am thin, but the feeling remains"
"I saw another Monica" 
"You sat right in front of me" "Yes, sir, that was my plan all along". 

I'm almost out of life pills. I have to tell them soon. I don't have to tell them. I can use the money that Catherine gave me for her part of the hotel room and buy just a box of them until Rene can give me more. I want to tell them. There is a reason now why I "should". That's what I wanted, I have it now. It's still hard. 

It's Friday and I'm driving to school. I'm going to park in the theater parking so I enter the university's circuit before the library. She's here. She's walking towards me. Her thin and light chestnut hair bouncing with her steps. A black t-shirt sleeves falling from her petite shoulders and the white of her arms shines with the sunlight. I can't keep my eyes of her and my head turns even though I'm still moving, even though I know it's not really her. The length of the hair tattles the phantom's lie. The girl keeps walking, disappearing on her way, but Monica's ghost accompanies me on the other seat, laughing and mocking me. I park the car and go to the theater's steps. I leave the mocking ghost on the hot car to suffocate and die. 

Catherine hasn't arrived yet. I'm seated on the steps with the book in my hands but the pages still unread. I look at the couple beside me. A girl resting her head in the boy's shoulder and neck. They're giggling and smiling. They seem happy and I hate them. I envy them. Why do I do? What have they done to me? I'm mid-thought when Monica walks with people beside her. I look at her and see the white face and big round eyes. She's not Monica. The girl keeps walking but the ghost stands in front me and stares at me. Is she crying or is she angry? You are supposed to ignore me. You don't care about me as I wish I didn't care about you. I pick up my phone as she disappears again. Catherine has arrived. We'll walk to the bank. She'll get in a bad mood and I will think it's my fault. Maybe deep inside I'll believe she saw Monica, too... 

It's Saturday and I'm in the Adidas store. Everyone is looking for shoes. I want new ones, too, but I don't want them to buy me anything. I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror but it's not really me. I don't like what I'm seeing again. The pills are running out, are their effects dropping, too? 

I'm in the vans store. My parents insisted. I'm searching for a color of shoe that I'd like. I don't think of it, but later I will make the connection on why I'm more comfortable choosing vans' shoes that are unisex than seeing Target's clothes on the male department. The memory comes of me walking through the store glimpsing to the women's area. I didn't went there with Catherine. As I pass the lingerie section, I feel a small want to go and look for a blue bra as Catherine proposed. We'll go there later and I'll feel that same need. 

I've chosen shoes and my father is already paying. I'm in front of the socks section. I notice the size chart is for girls in the small ones and women in the bigger. My mother is beside me and I feel this familiar discomfort. "They're women's" I want to confess. "I've been looking for these. I have several like them. Half of my drawers are full woman underwear, but you haven't noticed. Why haven't you noticed? LOOK AT ME!" I want them to look so I don't have to tell them. She asks me to grab ones for her, "like yours" she says. 
"These are women's" I explain. Do I mean to lie saying they are not like mine or is it more of a confession? Later, my father will tell me to pick another ones because of an offer. I'll grab them for my mother because I won't want them. When I'll get home, I'll change my mind and put the extra pair in my shoes box.  


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-27
Words:   816
Minutes: 25

"But from where would we get the Harry Potter clothes?" 
"You have girl's legs" 
"What medication? ... Who prescribe them? Why? ... Do you get depressed? ... Couldn't bear anymore what?" 

My dad knows. My mother will know soon, I believe. I can hear them in my head. They're both lying on the bed with the darkness as their cover. The window fan is turned on and its hum is familiar lullaby. He will remember and break the nightly silence. His words will light their room and wake her up if she has already fallen asleep. "Did you know Ivan is taking antidepressants?" Will she be as surprised as him? Maybe she will have an insight and remember the high school episode. "No, he didn't tell me" "We went to the pharmacy today, before buying the food. He's been taking them for a month. I thought maybe he had told you." 

I talked yesterday with Anahi. The three of us talked with each other independently. Will we get dressed up for Halloween? Should I get a costume? The idea of being in disguise used to sicken me. Why should I cover myself even more? I never understood why I didn't really like it. Even after knowing what's wrong with me. It should've been liberating, being someone else. Not being seen. 
No. I want to be seen. It's against what I long to be in disguise. Being is against what I want. 

At first it was a joke. Why did I think it? Catherine's costume is Harry Potter. Anahi's hair is red. They were Harry and Ron. I've always been Hermione to them. "Did you ever get uncomfortable when we said you were Hermione?" Catherine would once ask. "A girl's role". I didn't. I liked it, I guess. There's been several times I've felt something similar. 

I'm in jr high, it's third grade. I'm seated in the classroom. There is a class but the teacher is not here. There is no one. Yes, there are students. For a class we acted as if we were in a news program. Marco wore a wig. I don't know it but my hair would resemble the wig for a time in a year when I will enter high school. I don't like him. He is nice with me but there is something in me that makes me uncomfortable. Almost everyone of them makes me uncomfortable. They're aggressive, I have this feeling that I'll get hurt. He's the one who makes me feel it more but I can't contact the sensation or identify it yet. I just know I don't like him and I don't like the school. They are nice with me. They respect me in a certain way. I don't understand why they do it. If I do something wrong they let it pass. It's as if I were weaker and they knew it. I'm harmless. I'm a sheep surrounded by wolves disguised as one, and we all know it but do nothing about it. Am I a girl who looks like a boy? ... They wear the wig. Nobody has ever confused me as a girl. There has been not a single remark of that. I have never made the connection. Everyone tries the wig and it's my turn. I put it on and smile. It's a joke and we are all in it. They look at me and one of them say it. "You have a girl's face". Other one looks at me and agrees. It's not offensive or even funny. They say it as an observation. What? I keep smiling but I don't know why. What is this that I am feeling? I take the wig off. I'll forget about this a couple days later. 

Yesterday we went out with Chevica and Paola. We were early. I didn't saw Monica's ghost. We saw Chevica's doppelgangers. When everyone arrived, we went to eat. I couldn't hear but we talked. Jessica has a problem with a patient. We talked like psychologists. Anyone who heard us would had thought we knew what we were talking about. Do we believe it ourselves? After the graduation will the sensation of being a child pretending to be a professional wear out? 

We went to the bar. Second floor was a whole different like outside. There was a coffe table and a couch. A couple of chairs around. The girls sat in the couch. Chevo and I were on the chairs. I wanted to sit with Catherine, be close. I wanted to be on the sofa. There was space between them. Why didn't I asked them? Why did we isolate from the picture. This time they didn't say girl's only. "You separate yourselves".  There were  just girls in their picture and there were just girls on the couch. 
Chevo is a boy and I am not a girl. 

I am not. 

Am I?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-28
Words:   773
Minutes: 26

"Welcome back, Sofia Fernandez" 

Today I had to sign in. The email address is different. It's the one I made in Spain. A play of words. 1.618, the golden ratio, phi. So phi e. How can I play with a name which I wasn't born with? Is it mine? I can't imagine my parents using it. My brothers referring to me that way. "With which you couldn't bear?" he asked me yesterday. "With me" "With my body" "With my sex". I could had said it. 

They haven't asked. Maybe later my mother will. My father did. He did asked more. I can't remember exactly what but he did inquire more. A couple of questions. 

My body is getting thinner. I had the feeling I ate a lot yesterday, but today I was slimmer when I looked at me. I shaved my legs. The blade wasn't new. I cut myself. When I rinsed it there were a lot of red spots. Little bits of blood dried, smudged. It hurt but it hurts even more seeing the black ones. 

I shaved my face later. It's not enough. I do it but it's not enough. The day I went out with them, Saturday, I shaved twice. Once in the morning and another pass in the afternoon. I still have a shadow in the pictures Catherine took. 

I take a sip from the iced tea as I raise the glass to my lips. Little droplets of the perspired water drop to my shorts. One, two, three. A couple of dark shadows in my groin. I wet myself more than I've ever have. After class we went to the backseat of her car. She was going to go to the bathroom so I asked her my gameboy. I played with it earlier today. We were going to class, the first class. She was trying to complete all the levels with the five special coins. We were seated in the bench outside the classrooms of the first level in the building where we took classes in our first semester. We entered the classroom and I was playing. I played again until she returned. 
She laid her head on my thighs and I stroked her hair. She returned the favor with the tips of her fingers over my body. My chest, my neck, my face. There was a time when her hand was under my t-shirt. She raised it and uncover my chest. 

"I like your chest, this little mound that forms from your navel to your nipple. It does look like a breast." 

She licked it and sucked it. 

I tasted myself from her finger. "Do you want me to be inside you?" 

I commented on the picture Catherine posted of all of us. "We are 1993" she hashtagged. "No, we are only 5". It was a joke, it wasn't funny. "Nice..." Anahi posted. I hesitated telling her about that meeting. She couldn't had gone, she was going to work next morning. She was in the US. I knew that. I knew her and I posted it. I felt bad. The conversation was flowing so well and I ruined it. I send her a text apologizing. Was it a misunderstanding? Was it my fault? Everything turned out ok. 

Vinicio arrived but there was not a class nor role-play. Edgar went for a patient. Another student from the first year. I had seen her, before. Was it the library? Or was it the faculty? She was walking. I don't want to describe her. Will I remember her when I'll read this again? Vinicio's second patient. I don't remember the first one. I won't remember her. 

Catherine braided my hair. It was tied up in a ponytail and she loosened a lock and let it fall to my face. I turned and she made a braid with it. Several people had asked me permission to braid it before. I've always said no. From classmates to patients. Even Monica asked it. Why didn't I let them? Why didn't I let her? A couple times she tried to put a headband on me, too. I always dodged her. On pride I wore the one of ribbons Catherine made just as I left the little braid on the side of my head all day. 

I saw the pictures yesterday before sleeping. Nobody has seen them. She has taken them from her homescreen just like today before Garab saw it.

In an hour will be Monica's birthday. I haven't decided if I should send her a text message. 

What would happen if I do? What will I feel if I do? 

What if I don't? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-29
Words:   772
Minutes: 36

"You made me a girl. Now I eat salads and drink water" "I made you? You were already a girl. Your faces are girly, your gestures are girly" 
"It would be worse to send only two words than to not send anything at all" 

I didn't send two, I sent three. She answered two. "Thank you", she said. I can't know what she felt or expected. "I would be waiting for her to say something. Every notification I'd look at my phone expecting to see her name. Would she say something? Were she really avoiding me?" I can't say she went through something like that. My fear was that she wouldn't care. That she would read it and would felt nothing. I'm still upset about being nothing, unseen, ignored. 

Right now I'm thinking about remembering her other birthdays, my own. I don't really want to. Vinicio told us a story once, not today, today we skipped class, about a girl who had just broken up with her boyfriend and wanted to forget him, stopped caring and crying about him. He told her, as homework, to print a portrait of him and put it on her wall. Daily she would kneel to the picture and apologize. She lasted just three days. The first she did as instructed, pleading him for forgiveness, to returning, crying her eyes out remembering everything she did wrong. By the third day she was angry and thought the homework was an stupidity, why should she apologize? He's the one who should be lamenting his loss. 

Does seeing her ghost is me putting her picture un my mind's wall? Does remembering us is kneeling and apologizing? My own three days have passed already? 

Tomorrow Catherine will come. She'll text me when she's outside and I'll go open the gate for her. I asked her to come. I want her with me. The idea of us lying in underwear on my bed. 

I asked her, what should I wear? I could wear the leggings again, but with what on top? She remembered that I kept her shoes. They're in my closet, under my shirts. I wanted to surprise her. Walk in them and let her see me. She considered again about her answer to my question, I could see how she was thinking about my clothes and imagining me modeling them for her. She proposed the red shirt. I bought that shirt in old navy, it was the first semesters of university. I bought that shirt and linen pants. Later on a meeting on the beach would I feel those pants breaking. The shirt I keep still. It's looser now and because of that she confused it with one my brother's. Her eyes sparkled as an idea was born. "Wear one of the blouses I gave you". I could, but I didn't want to. I have them. I've worn both. She gave them to me because she didn't like them. She didn't like herself in them. She liked me and I trusted her preference. I tried them on a couple months ago and looked at myself in the mirror. I was hideous. My body was broad and its width was highlighted by the thinness of the cloth. I was a pig covered in satin. I was a gorilla dressed as a princess. 
I took them off and stored them. She told me I could give them back. I refused. Why did I? I didn't like them. I felt just as she did. Did I have hope that someday I would feel different, or look different? I forgot about it and them, the two blouses stayed on my closet and out of my mind, until that moment. 

I considered them but wasn't thrilled by the idea. The mornings I've seen my body. I've liked it. It's thinner. I am still a man, but I no longer feel like a boar. Yesterday it was. Was it in the evening or the morning? I took the black one out and try it on. It fit. I'll wear it tomorrow. I'll welcome her and make her feel what she felt on Pride, even if it's only for a while. 

I am on the car. I went to pick her up and she's driving. It's the first time I've changed clothes in the car. It's the first time I've wore something outside of a hotel room. All my clothes are women's. I'm wearing her shoes and the black skirt. I'm wearing a black blouse. I wonder if the people can see me through the window. Can people see me? 

Do I want them to see me?  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-09-30
Words:   834
Minutes: 22

"I'm waiting for you" 
"I wanted to show you something 'I have you as Sofi since Chile'" "I know, I remember" "I didn't. I searched for you as ang and it appeared your name. It was weird." 

I should be finishing the research work. I want to work in research, in academy, why is it so hard for me to complete these assignments? I want to lie down on the bed and fall asleep. Tomorrow there will be no Neurorehabilitation class. I could stay home all day if not for my therapy. 

If there was a moment where my mother could ask me about what I thought my father told her, it would be when I asked her for the money of my sessions of this month. There's five weeks in October but the third Thursday I won't go. I'll be in Mexicali. We'll be there. After tomorrow I have to rise early and go with my father and Miguel to be dropped in another University. Their bus will take us to Ensenada. 

Today I was going to wear those clothes. Not those clothes, they're my clothes. The only thing that wasn't mine was Catherine's shoes. I wasn't wearing Catherine's clothes. They were women's but they weren't hers. I took them with me to the bathroom. I had to check even after showering to be certain that the house stayed empty. I shaved only in my underwear. 

I'm sitting on the couch. I've already put on her shoes. It's weird standing in them, a little more trying to walk. It's not the first time I've worn them or walked in them. I looked at myself in the mirror even though I thought I wouldn't. I'm writing a message for her asking if she has come yet. I'm excited and nervous. I think about the times I waited to be home alone and wear something. I dreaded the idea of someone seeing me, anyone knowing. Several people now know and I want to be seen. After we will have sex I'll be tempted by the idea of leaving the house like this. I can't wait for her to arrived. I turn on the tv for something to watch. There's a new episode of The Last Man on Earth. In the first episode Phil is shown as the last man on the planet. He's lonely. He's not really the last human. He meets another woman. Later episodes will show he's not even the last man either. 

I get an answer. She hasn't left. They're setting the next appointment. 20 minutes more. Half the time passes and I'm still waiting. The show finishes. He's lonely again. He has a brother out in space but he doesn't know it. After being exiled by the own community he funded, the woman followed him. They had been looking for a new place to stay. She was lonely and wanted to be with her friends. In their way returning, he accidentally leaves her in a gas station. By the end of the first episode he's lonely, she's lonely and his brother is lonely. He goes back and looks at his old house all burned up. 

I sent a picture to her. Just my neck is seen. Part of the blouse and of my hair. I tell her I'm waiting. She doesn't see it until she's out of the house. I wait for her by the door. I want to be seen and remembered. I want to look at me the way she sees me. I think about asking her to take me a picture. I don't say it. Why don't I? 

We're in bed, we have taken our clothes off. I teased her and make her cum. She penetrated me in different positions. We're naked in my bed, I'm in her arms. My body is all sweaty but she hugs me anyway. We're both hungry so we talk about changing and going to eat. I see the pants I'll wear today. I am going to wear the red shirt. She likes these pants more than the leggings. She liked her blouse. Would she like her blouse more with the pants? Why don't I show her? 

I put it on and look at myself in the mirror. I turn back and just see the red light of the camera. She took a picture of me. I ask her for another. And there some more. I debate with myself the idea of leaving the house like this and the idea of asking her to show me the pictures. I reject both of them. 

We're sitting in a bench in the faculty. I play with the buttons of her shirt and take a picture of her. I'll post it in Instagram and look at the little squares of the last pictures. My feet, my legs and my butt and back. 

I don't see a whole picture until she takes me home and I look at the first picture she took with my own camera. 

