------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-01
Words:   995
Minutes: 20

The little white boxes, the date up here, everything looks white and empty. 

I feel a strange void inside. With what could I fill it? Why should it be filled? 

What if that emptiness and sadness is a part of who I am? What if taking it out is breaking myself? I am the person who I've been building this 23 years. Be it a mask or a persona, I am who I am. 

I feel loneliness. I am lonely. Yesterday I drank. I didn't this much last week. I planned to drink only two glasses of wine. I drank a glass of white, another of red and half of the sweet one we picked up in Tecate. I drank a little cup of Edgar's porter beer. I drank another two big glasses of the sweet wine and then a cup of chocolate with irish cream in it. 

They were talking and laughing and I felt dead inside. I remember those kind of parties. Those were my kind of parties for a time. Being nonexistent in a room filled with people. Wandering between laughs seeing their faces and hearing their voices masked in laughter. Drinking and emptying my glass. Drowning and hiding myself from existence. 

I've always felt some scorn with everyone who can pass the holidays with their loved ones. Christmas, new year's eve, once again they left me this bitter taste in my mouth. Is difficult to think I missed these nights. I saw Chevo and Jessica's picture and I hated them for an instant. I envied them. They are with their loved ones. 

I don't have those. 

I have Catherine and that's it. 

I sent her a text message answering the one she sent me. She informed me of the new year. I answered back with an echo of her own words. How was I then? There was playing another movie which couldn't distract me any more. 

I didn't say anything. I saw the time and kept silence. Every one of those hugs was like a stab in the stomach. Like the feeling of a slap in my face. It wasn't the misery I felt that night when I realized I needed the antidepressants. It was that guilt and sorrow that covered me in a wave that came from every one of their looks. This was different. It was remembering they don't know me. 

I'm not being dramatic. I can't be loved by someone who doesn't really know me. They know Ivan. They think they know him. They hugged him. That weird, long haired older son of Laura, the daughter of Cande. The shy boy and serious young man. 
They might think they love me and not even all of them. 

My aunt and uncle prepared special food for me. Would they even welcome me in their house if they knew how I am? 

I don't want people to think of me with some kind of disease or perversion and yet I refer to it as if it were a nightmare. A couple of weeks ago I wrote it wasn't even a problem. I was hopeful and wouldn't let anything stand in my way.

What happened? Why do I feel this way? 

Why do I want nothing more than to close my eyelids and let my tears stealthily escape, to stand up and walk towards the little fridge in the living room and grab a bottle of beer. I won't make myself stupid, I won't drink myself to sleep. I just want to erase these feelings. Grab one, maybe two, at most, and drink them slowly. Enjoy the dark and bitter taste of that dark ale. Dark and bitter like the feeling I want to get rid of. 

This is the first day of 2016 and I'll end it in tears. 

"I understand you, sometimes I think I just belong with you and it scares me. And then I look at myself and realize that I can talk to Miguel, and it scares me so much more because I can't even imagine how do you feel"

We came her from the United States. I ordered 10 pieces of chicken nuggets even though I ate more than I should. I still haven't finished my diet 7up and yet I flirt with the idea of grabbing the beer. I went to bed a couple of minutes shy from 6 in the morning. I was awoke when the door was banged. The first time I did get up, I let the cat in. The second and third I pretended to be asleep. 

Most of the way home I was asleep. 

I got home and opened the cellphone to see a notification from Paola Aguirre. She tagged myself in a picture with the other 6 people. I felt irritated. I read the description and it was an invitation to get together a day before my birthday to celebrate the king's day. 

Paola said she would go and so did Catherine and Anahi. I didn't want to go. I didn't want to be near them. I remembered Chevo and Jessica and I don't want to see them nor talk to them. Then I saw Paola's comment. "Wuu, I have three beautiful girls confirmed already, one more to go and two wild creatures."

She doesn't know about me. Do I want to tell her? Do I really want to open up to another person? Is that what I need right now? I can't be in another room full of people who don't know me. 

"You can not go, Sofi" "No, no I cannot". 

I feel lonely, I wouldn't let myself live with the idea of isolating myself again. I have to go. It's not what I want nor what I need, but it's the closest I 'll ever get.  They are the last "loved ones" I have left. 

I have to try. Even if it keeps killing me from the inside and makes the void bigger and darker. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-02
Words:   766
Minutes: 17

I didn't took my pill today. 

Is this how I want to start my year? Yesterday I feel that dark passenger again. I just now remembered that reference. That's how Dexter calls his psychopathic desire. He disassociates himself from his urge to kill making a dark persona which obliges him. I saw the series when I was in jr high. I was not nor am a psychopath. I am not even close. I was depressed and identified with his affective flattening. I was an impressionable young mind and identified with anything that could give an explanation to what I was feeling at the moment. 

I don't know how to feel right now with the idea that a 14 year old boy prefers to identify with a serial murderer than a woman. I guess to me was more acceptable to be an actual monster than a transgender person. 

I woke up a little before noon. I stood up and went to break fast. I ate the biscuit my father bought for me and then returned to bed. I can't recall if I dreamed something. I keep repeating those words in my mind. Every time I try to relive them they lose a little of their meaning. I can see the man and the baby but he mumbles now. His words don't mean anything. He looks at me and his lips move but I disappear. What did he say? "Look at the girl" is with my memory dictates. When I see it I don't hear no words anymore. He looks at me and they both smile. He points at me but stops at "Look", there is nobody there. I don't exist. They both look at a phantom. 

"You say you like it but at the same time that it makes you feel fake", "it's like if it were something that I don't deserve". 

"So, you don't deserve that people look at you this way, to be this way... are you going to punish yourself by going back to being Ivan?"

"No. No..." 

I didn't get up again until after 3 in the afternoon. My parents both were in the living room. I almost forgot. Yesterday in bed I again had a secret affair with the temptation of telling my dad. I invited the idea to bed, let her get inside the sheets and embraced my in her arms. I closed my eyes and touched her body, held her as close as our bodies would let us. She got inside me and I imagined again standing in front of him. "Dad, I am trans". 

I don't bother myself with a lengthy explanation or an easier introduction. I go straight to the point. I want to get it out of my system and get it over with. I stop thinking after that. After the words left my chest after it is known I don't want to imagine anything more. I don't want to fantasize about a reaction nor an answer. I don't want to draw him a face in my subconscious. I don't want to expect anything. 

Today is saturday. Everybody goes back to their routine in a couple of days. My father will be the first one to return to everyday life Monday. Then Luis and my mother will go back to school in Wednesday. 

Chevo answered Paola's post. He can't on Wednesday. He already has plans but he will change them. It's a date, I guess. I confirmed myself. Even if I had not said anything I'd give the same answer today. 

What will I wear? 

Who will I be? 

I thought about that, too. How will Paola react? Will there be any comments of separation again? Boys and girls. Men and women. What if they see my phone? I tried to change the wallpaper in the morning. I wasn't going to put a tamer picture. I actually wanted a more obvious one. 

Will I say something? We were going to talk to them. Catherine would, anyway. Will I? 

They don't know my name. I can't tell them at the same time that I tell Paola about me. Will I tell her my name, too? Do I actually want to say it to any of them? 

She has a baby now. Will she think I am a bad influence? Will her parents? 

I feel lonely. I feel isolated. I am scared of asking for help. 

"The important thing is that you know you have the support of your loved ones" that's what the other paola said to me. 

Sure, it would be if I knew who they were. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-03
Words:   925
Minutes: 19

I was tempted to climb out of bed resigned and come here to type the words of today. 

"My heart is wild and full of energy. Like a furious tiger throwing himself against the cells that hold him caged. It jumps and growls. It goes from here to there. His roar is full and strong. His movements quick and precise." I felt pulses of energy that wouldn't let me still. I wanted to get up and run. "I don't know from what to escape nor where to go" 

I considered, too, getting up and going to the living room and played in the silence and darkness of the night. I could wake up early and readjust my own sleep schedule. I fell asleep near 4 in the morning. I woke up like 4 hours later. Was there some breakfast? No. Someone was in the living room. There were sounds of life. It wasn't Luis nor my father. Miguel was awake. I didn't know if the stole my idea or he did get up early. I was sad and tired. I feel like a failure. I wanted nothing. In the night I could smell my own stench but had no energy nor motivation to clean myself. The first thing I decided to do was to shower and shave. I'd shave everything. My chest, my pits, my legs and my face. I wanted to be clean and presentable. I took a pair of black underwear and chose it even though there were no plans for today. 

Did I broke fast or showered first? I showered first. Luis and my father were downstairs when I prepared my food. Luis was cooking himself some soup and chicken. I heated the biscuit I left from yesterday. Last night my mother prepared the beans with bacon and chorizo. There were some slices from then. I threw the egg and made another one fresh. I put the bacon and a slice of ham. I ate it even before Luis started. 

I am listening to an album of mexican music played as flamenco. I am drinking hot chocolate in a paper cup. Yesterday I drank a bottle of beer. Was it yesterday or the day before? Today is Sunday. Yesterday was saturday. It was yesterday, the day before was when we returned home. 

My mother had mentioned going today to the united states. Did I thought of that when I decided to get ready? 

"Are you going out?", my father questioned me. "No", I said. 

I keep thinking of the words which I'll choose to invite him to know me. 

"I never told you why I am taking the antidepressants. I do know. I don't like my body. I don't like being a man. I am not one. I am trans", here is, I think, where I wouldn't be able to hold the tears and break, "I want to change it. Please don't judge me, don't hate me, don't leave me". 

I've been thinking about those words months by now. I almost can't believe I never got to wrote them down. 

Tomorrow was supposed to be the day I'd call the endocrinologist. I was thinking of that yesterday, too. 

"Hello, I'm looking for dr Magallanes? ... Yeah, my name is..." That's where I stop. Which is my name? Am I Ivan or am I Sofia? Which voice will I use? Which is the lie and which is the truth? The doubt burns me inside and shuts me down. 

"Yeah, I'm a trans person. I looked up your contact info in a list of recommendations to the trans community. I am looking for someone who could help me with Hormone Replacement Therapy. I wanted to know if you could help me or give me some information about it." 

I am scared. I feel I'm betraying my own family going out looking for him. Doing it without asking for their help. I have the money to pay for the first consultation. I have the motivation and readiness to really start and do it. I have the strong will to fight for who I am. 

But I am not ready. I am not ready to do it by myself. I do need their help. 

There lies my fear. I need them. I don't know what I'd do without their support. 

I asked my mother about going to the United States. My father was irritated about going. Today is his last day of vacations. I understand him. 

I felt hideous. I chose the wrong clothes. I wanted to look for new items. 

"What do I buy?

"I don't know, you're with your parents and brothers" 

"It doesn't matter, maybe I won't care" 

"Then a blouse or flats... a purse" 

"No, I do care." 

I looked at the purses but found nothing. I liked none. They were colorful and big. Notorious. Like a big signal asking to be seen. I saw the clothes when my mother looked for some herself. I wandered by my own and found nothing. Even the sunglasses were all ugly. 

Luis bought a pair, my mother two. My mother found a black, simple purse. I liked it. I saw it and felt envious. I couldn't even find male clothes in my size. I picked three long-sleeved shirts and a pair of black pants.

I tried them on and liked them. They are more ambiguous than my usual shirts. 

 I may know what to wear wednesday and thursday. 

Will I call? Will he answer? Will I dare to speak? To the doctor? my father? Luis? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-04
Words:   794
Minutes: 26

"You area away in a trip. I know you won't see this soon, I don't expect you to answer. I know I've been an asshole. It's not your fault. Everything will be normal when you're back. I am sorry."

"Three days later I answered back... Not because I didn't have wifi, I wanted to scream it all. Hilda read it the day I received it. The hostal was crap. There was just wifi in the lobby and in one pc. Hilda was in the computer and she asked me if I wanted to use it. I told her no, I had nothing to check. At the end I sat and when I opened your notification popped up. 
She asked me if I wanted her to leave, I answered her no. I read it and then she did. 
'See? everything will be alright. You're almost back, it's the distance...' I don't know what else. I closed everything and we left. I remember that the 'normal' part was what I didn't like." 

"Can I tell you something?... 
Ok, I don't know how, haha. 
When I see/read that, it hurts me, a lot. Sometimes it angers me. It's very weird. I remember when we start going to the hotel, when I called you April. I, then, saw you as two different persons. 
I liked the girl, I wanted her. The boy was forbidden for me. He was my friend. I think once I've told it before. 
...What I wanted to say is that I loved Ivan very very much. He was my best friend, like none other. He was fun and a creep, stalker and he loved gossip... he was complicated. We was too many things. 
He hurt me, and maybe I hurt him. But, in truth, I don't resent him. I missed him too much, I needed him a lot. 
Sometimes I remember him. In some I laugh and in others I cry. There is always affection in the memories. I feel I never said good bye to my friend. I really felt he never returned from Spain. I wanted to say it, that I loved him and he was special to me. 

...

I read it and I feel crazy, but it's true, since the beginning I saw you as two persons. Then I didn't know who returned from Spain...
But I met you a year ago, Sofi. When René cancelled you and you invited me to lunch. Maybe it is the same humor, some jokes... I don't know. It was different. Since the beginning of 2015 you were Sofía to me. Funny, amusing, fragile, a gossiper and creepy, sensitive... Someone whom I'm crazy about." 

She found a screen cap of the message I sent her when she was in Argentina. I finished with the pictures of Spain and the ones of my return. Now, I don't remember exactly when I am. Maybe the beginnings of last year. I know I saw the changes in my body. I lost a lot of weight and I noticed how I started to gain it back. It looked as if I was morphing myself in the person I was before I left. I did look feminine in a certain way in the pictures of there. I had some facial hair. It wasn't as smooth as I remember, but there is something delicate in my face. I missed that person. The one who was happy and comfortable in his own skin. There was a secret but it didn't burned. That person lived inside a fantastical bubble where there existed no problems. The bubble was going to burst and reality was near. That person decided to be again the boy who arrived. It was easier to suffer again than to deal with it alone. 

I imagined a lot how it would be dying. Taking my own life. There was a recurrent thought of never returning from Spain. I wouldn't be back. There were signals that Yolanda did sense. Gifts, mementos, good byes and speeches. When somebody kills himself, all of his problems stay behind. It's as if he escapes and the people left has to deal with everything he left behind. Everybody cleans the mess he left. He doesn't have to deal with anything. He's gone... 

I killed myself in a way. But I did return, too. I have and will have to deal with everything. All the blame and responsibility of my actions. The guilt, the problems, I'm here to deal with everything. 

Why would Monica want to talk to me if I took his best friend away? 

"You took more than his friend" 

I am scared. I didn't call today. 

Will I tomorrow? Will I ever? 

Is it really easier staying this way than to face my fears? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-05
Words:   880
Minutes: 18

Catherine asked me in the morning if I could go with her to do her driving test. She would come pick me up at 8 in the morning. My mother and Luis would be getting ready too for their appointment for their passport. At the end, we postponed it to tomorrow. Tomorrow will be sixth of january. King's day. I'll go to Paola's house. I haven't decided what I'll wear. Everybody but my father will be at home. Do I care? 

We were all in the living room when the Trevor Noah's daily show was on. The special guest was David Cross, the actor who played Tobias Fünke in Arrested Development. That show made me laugh so many times. I recommended it to Monica several times. She would blew me off several times too until she caved in. Game of Thrones was the last show she saw because of me. He was talking about his last show. He is the protagonist in a British-american series. "What is it about?", he was asked. 

Nobody knows. I didn't know about it nor my dad or Miguel. He started making the synopsis talking nonsense. I was smiling, I was still in the mood from his last jokes about the republican candidates. "Is about a man in a farm who is trans, and starts to transform himself in a horse"

Everybody laughs and my smile fades away. Did they notice? 

I dreamed about telling my dad. We were in a fancy hotel. I remember being alone in the room. There was a weird, long, red and cylindrical bag with a special watch inside. My father parked a red, flashy sports car inside the hall. In the night I stepped out of the room looking for the restroom. Was I looking for the women's? I remember finding it but still looking. I asked someone and they directed me towards another door, but that wasn't a bathroom, it was a computer room. Like a cafe internet. 

I returned to the room. I remember having the urges to masturbate. When I woke up I tried to remember the last time I did. I can't I don't know. Today is 5th, so it's at least a week. 

I haven't written about the important part of the dream. Is it an unconscious wish to forget it? It was nothing bad or painful. We were lying in bed. Maybe there was a tv or something. The room was dark but not pitch black. He started the conversation with a question born from interest and curiosity. "Did Catherine fight with her dad? Was she upset or something like that?" I can't remember if he mentioned the name of my mother or any other person. "[...] something about she hasn't tell him". 

I could feel the light go up. The moment of truth, the insight. This could be it. I could say it now. I felt thrilled and happy. I was excited and scared. I see myself smiling now that I remember, but in the dream I could not see my face. 

I was going to start, I had the words ready to come out. Everything was set in motion. I think the first ones did make appearance when I turned and I realized I was alone. He was gone. Nobody was there. 

I don't know if it was some kind of glitch. I remember the feeling of seeing him again. The thankfulness of a second opportunity. Just when I opened my mouth to start again, he again was gone. I woke up after that. 

Will he be gone when I decide to finally do it? 

I woke up with the dream, the doubt about my masturbation habits and the realization that it was late and early at the same time. I stayed in the living room playing assassin's creed until 5 in the morning. Just now I'm realizing I was scared of falling asleep, of it being today. The fear woke up with me. I remember thinking about that falling asleep. What would I wear tomorrow or in my birthday. Would I say anything to Paola about me? Would I mention the name now? 

With what words could I open up in the telephone when I call the doctor? 

How would I introduce myself, ask him for help. I know his name but he doesn't know mine. Do I have to tell him? I'll tell him my deepest secret which not even my father knows. 

"Hello, is this the dr Javier Magallanes?... Hi, I'm *Ivan*, you are an endocrinologist, right? I saw your name and contact in a list of recommended services for the trans community. I am trans myself and looking forward to start HRT. I wanted to know if you could help me?"

I couldn't. I woke up and time passed by while I stayed hidden under a blanket in my couch killing templars.

I am frustrated and angry. Maybe Catherine is as well. She doesn't understand the fear I have. Anahi asked if she were angry with her. It appears she will go tomorrow after all. 

Why aren't I excited? Why am I stilled scared? 

What is it that I fear? 

How can I fight it if I'm blind? How can I ask for help if I'm mute?


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-06
Words:   970
Minutes: 19

I woke up at 2:42am. I decided to sent Catherine a text message responding hers. I had asked about what to wear. I wanted to wear something feminine and I thought it would be easier to wear it today than tomorrow. I doubted because of Paola. When I woke up I was worked up in fears and expectations. I was angry of how ready I was to do anything. Late at night I feel reckless: I can tell my dad, I could go upstairs and wake him up and tell him. I could tell Luis about me and don't care about the consequences, it'll happen what will happen. 

"Just think: will it be easier to be done at a later time? If not, you're just postponing it". 

I could ask the endocrinologist and make an appointment. I could do anything. And as sure of that, I was sure that as the dawn breaks, my courage would break too. 

I didn't fall asleep again. I haven't slept since then. I tossed and turned and wondered and thought and fantasized and worried and feared. I did everything but rest or sleep. 

I wore the leggings. I wore the red new shirt. I put on make up, but just the foundation. It covered a little of the shadow on my face, but by the evening there were some signs of it. I felt ugly. I felt hideous. Nobody nor nothing could make me feel otherwise. 

I didn't want to go or did I? I wanted to say it, maybe. I thought about it. I wanted to call the endocrinologist, too. I wanted a lot of things I couldn't do. Maybe that's why I hated myself. I feel caged in my own body. I absolutely hate that fucking phrase. What's the difference with what I feel? I'm not trapped in a wrong body. I'm trapped in a useless one, a broken one. 

We went to take the driver's license. She did her test and passed it. I just answered some questions and payed. There was no printer so neither of us has our new plastics. I'm 800 pesos less. That's what the endocrinologist session will cost. It's less than the 60 dollars I had expected. 

It's still a lot. Money I don't have. I do have it, but not more than for one session. 

I did call. We broke fast in the torta plaza. We didn't want to spend and yet we bought the most expensive of the breakfasts. The sour cream on them made me a little sick. Or maybe it's just the storm of emotions that destroys me from the inside. 

I read the words I type and they seem so pathetic. It's like reading the thoughts of a whiny little bitch. A little idiot who thinks the world conspires against her. God does have a plan, and its to make things as difficult and painful for me. 

If I were him I would hate me, too. 

I feel the tears be born in my eyes and I think I deserve them. I feel this pain and I want it. Why do I want to punish myself? What did I do that makes me think I actually deserve this? Is my own existence fault enough? 

We were parked outside the park where I spent some nights listening to music with Monica. Now it wasn't my car. Now I wasn't a boyfriend. Now I could feel, now I let myself experience the emotions, now I was alive. 

Maybe a part of me still blames me for it. Was life really easier when I was dead, when I was a walking corpse? 

I fought with the idea of calling or not. I wanted to, every little part of my body screamed like the patients waiting for their turn in the karaoke. My brain, my mind was the young intern who couldn't deal with it. Who was so engrossed in her own problems that everything was impossible. I wanted to scream. I was both the patients and the intern. I wanted to scream at me and scream back. I wanted to grab me by the throat and made me do something. I wanted to fight back. 

Every moment was an internal fight. Every hit hurt me. 

I did call. The secretary answered. Yes, there he works. The consultation is 800 pesos. I would make an appointment as a first time. It would be until late march. 

I knew it. It was done. I could make it then. I didn't. I passed again. I can still call tomorrow. I can check it with Rene, ask for his opinion. I can still call tomorrow. Why do I still hurt? Why didn't the pain go away? What more do I want from me? 

 We went and Paola was alone with her baby. Chevo and Jessica were the next to arrive. They had this private joke about a pregnancy test. We were isolated again. We were left apart. Catherine felt what I feel all the time. 

I always envied people who had their families here with them. I felt my own were in Mexicali. If I were there I wouldn't be alone. In reality, when I am there, I am still alone. They have their friends there. Wherever I am, I don't belong. 

Is it my fault? Is it something I did? The last time we saw them was in the premiere. No, that was the last planned time. The last was an accidental one. 

Am I mad at them or at me? 

I feel lonely. I feel helpless. I need help. Do I have anyone to ask it? 

Did I make this to myself? Is this really my fault? 

What did I do wrong? Where did I fail? When? 

What can I do? I can't take this anymore. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-07
Words:   1171
Minutes: 31

"You are a very special person. You have the ability to smile despite all the difficult things that have happened" 

Two years ago I was supposed to be a man. I think about that young and confused person who couldn't recognize himself in the mirror. He who would stand in front of his reflection and look at it curious, studying it, sweeping every little detail and comparing it with who he was supposed to be. He didn't recognized himself and now I do. 

I should had been a man two years ago. I wasn't and I still am not. I still have a penis and testicles, my back is as broad, my voice is as deep, my hands and feet as big, I am as strong. But I am not one. I am not empty either. I know who I am. I am not a lie because there is no truth. 

My legs are shaven. My stomach and chest are too. My hair is even longer. In my drawer I have almost as much woman's underwear as man's. I have a couple pair of bras and tights. I have a dress and a skirt in my closet. I have a couple of woman's jeans and leggings. I have that pencil bag from jr high filled with make up. I've worn them all outside my house, in public, and be seen as who I feel am. 

I used to try to find me in my dreams. I can't remember the last one where I even paid attention to the gender I were. I have stopped looking for myself. 

I am not a man and I am not a woman. I am sure of being a person. I am something else, too. I am unique, I am me. I have Catherine and Anahi. I am not as alone as I thought. 

I have started my adult life and stopped being the man I was never meant to be. 

...

I woke up again in the early morning. An hour past midnight and I couldn't sleep again. I saw the messages from Consuela and Alberto. They made me smile and yet I didn't open them. I kept trying to sleep in spite of me knowing it was all for naught. I sent Catherine a message telling her that I woke up and I'd hate to stay awake again. I plucked my eye brows, I walked in the living room and returned to my bed. I tossed, turned, uncovered and covered myself over and over again. 

I may had fallen asleep a couple of minutes just before the alarm started. After my dad left home I went for a towel and got ready. Nobody was awake. I was supposed to wear jeans. I would go with my parents and be with them in the afternoon. I put legging instead. I didn't care. I did it anyway. Did I want to be noticed and asked? 

Catherine came for me and took a picture when I got in the car. I saw the pictures. When I looked at myself in that little screen I liked what I saw. 

I feel so different to two years ago. It was one of the best and worst birthdays ever. It started awfully with a fight and tears and Catherine gave me a beautiful journal with a lot of happy memories in its pages, and in which I would later fill its blank ones with my fears, worries and sadness. 

I was confused and sad and scared. I was afraid and hateful and angry. Now I am still scared but I have stopped being confused. 

Last year I tried to cover everything and pretend nothing happened. 

Today I went to break fast in a restaurant where Catherine always wanted to go. We were welcomed in darkness by an unheard welcome. I didn't hear the gender we were referred with. I did not ask. I didn't want to ruin how I was feeling, spoil the image I saw in that little screen. The waiter saw us and referred to us as two women. 

The lights returned and we payed. We parked outside our high school and talked about yesterday. I cried strongly after drinking the beer. I lied in bed and sobbed without a care of being listened. 

I saw rene and he welcomed me. He did not mention how I was dressed. I did. 

We went to the hotel. It was really nice. 

I called to the clinic. I asked Rene, no, I confessed to him my fear of waiting and being told that I would not be treated. I could always go and ask in person or grab a little presentation card. I ate my fear and called after being naked and warmed in Catherine's embrace. 

Nobody answered and we returned to bed. Before leaving I tried again. 

"I called yesterday to make an appointment with Dr Magallanes. I would like to make it" 

"Now he's not free until April" 

Sure, whatever, it was fine. What was a couple of weeks later? I reminded her it was my first time. I told her my name. My official name. She asked me for the rest so I gave the first, too. 

Was I referred by someone? No. Why did I not tell her the name of Rene? He did not refer me there. Maybe I could had said it. Maybe I shouldn't had. It never occurred to me to ask him. 

"What is the motive?"  I expected that question and answered it as calmly as anyone could. It was like if I had said I had a typical flu. I could bet she would never guess how I've been dreading even to call or tell it to anyone else. Even I was surprised when I realized how the act of saying it out loud scared the shit out of me. 

"Hormone Replacement Therapy" 

She hesitated and asked me to wait a little. I heard her coughing away from the phone. She returned and told me awkwardly. 

"uhm, when someone with, uh... this situation... comes, the doctor asks them to be seen before by a psychiatrist..." 

I cut her midsentence and confirmed. "Yes, so I need a letter from my therapist?" "Yes" 

She gave me the date and I even forgot to ask the location of the clinic. 

Now I am almost sure it's in the Prado Clinic. My fear was evaporated. He sees patients with "my kind of situation". He has a protocol. He won't doubt me or judge me. I just need a letter from Rene. Will he give it to me? Will he? 

"I am terrified of asking for help and being denied" Would he be the one to tell me "Sorry, but no"? 

What if he's not enough? What if I'm denied because he's not a psychiatrist? He did prescribed me antidepressants. He is a medical doctor. What if that's not enough? What if I am not trans enough? 

Do I doubt of convincing him or convincing myself? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-08
Words:   818
Minutes: 24

"My name is Ivan, and I'm so macho" 

Jessica and Monica wished me a Happy Birthday. "Thank you, I hope we see each other soon" "Thank you, Monica, wish your dad a happy birthday from me, too". 

I waited for that moment for a lot, and when it actually came I didn't know what to do... What would I answer back? I had thought for a time to saying something cold and succinct like a "thx". I had thought about staying silent. Then, something cold but just, "you didn't have to do this for a compromise"... that wouldn't be just, that would be full of resentment. Thankfully I did nothing of those things. 

"Yeah, tomorrow because I'm already in my bedroom", she answered back. Whatever. "Sure", I said instead. 

I saw the pictures of my birthday. There are a lot of us and a lot of me alone, too. I'm supposed to hate pictures. Not seeing myself, reminding me of how I look, how far apart I am of a pleasant image of who I feel as. I see them and I look happy. I have a wide smile which shows most of my teeth. It's like if I was looking for things to hate, to feel bad about. My clothes were fine, my face was ok, my hair, too. My teeth... those weren't as white as they should. Sure I could whine about them. 

I saw the video and found what I was looking for. My voice. I have certain coarse movements but they're almost imperceptible, some signs in my face but they're minuscule. But my voice, that one is obvious and enormous. It's not really that low, but there is something there. It's like I'm hiding something but the bulge can be seen covered. It hears like the bulge under my legs looks. 

I remember the gestures I had to do to the waiter so I could hide it. I seem like a shy person, but do I look like a transvestite, too? 

That's not what I am. I can't be a man wearing woman's clothes if I am not really a man. Can I say I am not a man if I haven't started with the hormones and the changes? 

When I'm asleep my body looks exactly like the one from a man and there are no consciousness where to place the dysphoric feelings and thoughts. 

Would anybody be wrong in saying my corpse is a man's one when I die? 

I almost forget to take my pill today. I got distracted by the anxiety and thrill of having the appointment. 

I should be looking for jobs, I should be getting ready my papers for the process of getting my certification. I can't do anything about the appointment until I see Rene next week and tell him about what I was told. Saying to him that I made the appointment, that is set and that I'll need an evaluation. 

I read the post of a Human rights lawyer where he talked about how important it was the Supreme Court of Justice in the social advances there were in our country in the matter of LGBT nature. He was a lawyer who studied in the National Autonomous University and in Essex, a university in the UK. I remember the Across the pond organization. I could send them a mail and ask them for help with the application to their universities. 

Doing what I was so afraid of gave me a new perspective of the difficulty of things. 

I am still scared of asking for a job. There are so many things which I'm nervous about. Applying for a job, applying for a master, applying for a scholarship, the results of the test, the meeting with the doctor. All of them has to do with how I do, their judgements and evaluations. 

I am scared of being seen. That's what I want but am afraid of. 

I don't know how the doctor looks, the way he talks, his age. What does it matter? I could hate the guy, but if he can give me what I want I'll keep meeting him. I don't want a friend, I want a doctor. 

No, I need a doctor, and I do want a friend. I wanted to talk about it. Tell it to someone, anyone. Catherine was with me. Rene I wouldn't see until next week. There was Anahi, and the list was done. 

What about telling Anahi scared me? 

I did tell her but I acted excited instead of scared. She told me she was glad and congratulated me in a way. 

Do I want somebody to be scared and nervous? My parents would be. Do I want to tell them? I do. 

What am I waiting for? What am I scared of? 

Which would be easier? Telling I am trans or telling I will do something about it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-09
Words:   769
Minutes: 19

I look around and see all the things in the wrong places. Several times I've tried to gain the motivation to actually clean up my room. I have counted the number of places where I need to order everything. The little box in the bookcase, the one where I have the prescription and money. The upper side I use as a shelf. The shelf over it. The three on the wall from the other side. My desk. 

I wanted to go the US. I had a package there since almost a month. The gift for Catherine and Luis were there. My little cases for the contact lenses. Now I don't have an excuse to not wear them. I can try them again. Who were the one that asked? "Was it hard getting used to them?" 

My mother. Yeah, she asked Ivana, the psychologist niece of my aunt. She's working in an office. I could work in a place like that. Human Resources. The Mexican in my class in Salamanca works in an office, too. I could find something somewhere. 

Yesterday I passed the pictures to Catherine. She really really liked them. She liked how she looked and how I looked. She sent me back the one where I am holding her gift, the Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind DVD and smile at the camera. "You look so girly here" 

Did she mean girl as in a child or as in a woman. "Both". I looked small and feminine. My small, my clothes, my hair. She really really likes me. I used some of those pictures as display pictures in several social networks. Twitter I put one clear where I smile in Rene's building. A close up of my face outside the elevator. 

Even in Facebook where I still have that other name I put one of those. I am drinking coffee so the cup covers my red lips. The off-focus of the shot hides the softness of my face and my glasses blurs even more the color of my eyelashes. I look "normal" I am an essence there. Maybe for unknown people I might look like a woman, but people who do know me can recognize me. 

Maybe it's like my uncle's wedding rehearsal, when my mother introduced me to that relative of my father, he was looking for an Ivan in my brothers. "Oh, you? I thought you were a woman". 

I remember his remark in the actual wedding when he was looking for me again. Was it you? he again asked Miguel. "He had his hair over his face", mocked with a gesture of his hands on his cheeks. Did I care? I guess If I hadn't, I wouldn't be mentioning it now. 

I was so terrified of even wearing a bra outside of the hotel room. Now I wear women's pants in my own birthday. I get out of my house with my face colored. As if I wanted to be seen. I want them to notice, to ask, to be interested. 

They are interested, I want to tell them. Maybe we both are trapped in a continuous game of evitation.

I have to tell them. No, I don't. Do I? 

It will be harder saying I am trans and just about to start treatment than saying I am depressed and confused about my gender. It will be even worse to tell my dad I am trans and already taking hormones to change my body. 

Will it be like if I'd tell him I'm taking a slow poison? I'm slowly killing the son he thought he had. The potential person he had created in his own mind. 

I'm a killer, a murderer. I will kill a brother and a son. I have murdered mercilessly a friend, a best friend. I didn't think twice before killing a lover. 

I remember one night of drinking where I told Catherine how I really felt. I was really drunk and took advantage of the desinhibition caused by the alcohol. I told her how I, Sofia, that feminine germ which was hidden and forgotten inside that young and sad boy, was actually what saved his life. I gave him the energy to move on. I gave him the hope of life, the motivation of a dream and a goal. I was the spark of life that kept him moving, that forbade him of giving up and stepping off. 

Would he, me, had really killed himself if it weren't for this realization? 

Or was the realization of me the one that killed that mask? 

Am I a savior or a executioner? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-10
Words:   814
Minutes: 28

"Ivan, you are Sofia, right?" 

He didn't say those words today. Yesterday was when we caught the second half of Vanilla Sky in the television. I put it on. 

I am in Salamanca, Spain. I love walking through these streets. It feels haunting when you turn around and can't even fathom the ages of the buildings by your side. I am not alone. Maybe we're walking to the cinema. Raul and Consuela are by my side. We just passed the avenue of our house. We crossed the way to the park. Raul talks about thinking of a spanish movie he can show his friend. I say I don't know many, but I like "Abre los ojos". "Yeah, everything but Almodobar" 

We went several times to the theater. Her, a belgian movie, we even watched a spanish one. 7 vasque last names. There was a french one. Les garçons et Guillaume, à la table!. I didn't what was about. It was the story of Guillaume. He was one of many brothers in his family with a peculiar relationship with his mother. The actor played both the part of Guillaume and the mother. The character himself overidentified with that persona. He was a feminine men. He went to Spain, Sevilla. There, his abroad family introduced him to the flamenco dance. They taught him, by mistake, the role of the woman. It was a comedy where the punchline of every joke was his feminine role. I can't remember if that was one of the firsts or lasts. It could explain my own repression. 

I remember writing about it. I remember feeling sick. I hated every scene. I hated the character and his portrayal. I hated the conclusion where he was just confused and his first relation with a woman cured him of his feminine personality. He was a "normal" man with a normal voice. 

Raul laughed. Was Consuela there? Did I cry or was I angry? Maybe I just stayed silent. I remember not laughing. 

Another movie we watched was Dallas buyer's club. There I could see Jared Leto played the role of a transgender woman. I don't remember any comments about that one. I don't remember identifying with that character. Was it gone already? 

I saw it later, I was here already, and I didn't either. 

Tomorrow Catherine will call the DMV to ask if the printer is ready. If it is she'll pick me up and after her therapy, we'll pick them up. Maybe we can go downtown and buy charcoals for our little hookah. The tobacco will expire soon. The day after tomorrow I will go to her house. We will await the results of our tests and use that as an excuse to see each other. We might see the movie she gave me on my birthday. We might smoke a little or drink one of the holiday beers I still have. 

Am I nervous? I won't graduate with the GPA I thought I would have. I made a mistake when I took the average. Maybe I left out one of the classes when I divided by the total. It turns out I'll have a 94 instead of a 98. It is still a really good one. I might be the third or even the second place out of the whole class. There was this fantasy of me being Magna Cum Laude. How ironic it would be being the best of my class from a career I'm not sure of pursuing. 

Summa Cum Laude is almost as good. Hilda might had lowered her own GPA, too. I would not give the speech anyway. I would not have the words anyway. Almost all of my problems right now consist in things I have to say but can't. 

Another fantasy I have consists precisely in those results. Being high enough. Having one of the bests. Being mentioned while I walk there. Being given a medal, invited to go to the DF to receive my price. Going to the DF. I might start hormones this first semester of the year. Why do I still want to go there? I am scared of starting now, asking for a letter, asking for them. I am scared. How can I fear waiting even more? 

Yeah, DF is where I can still change my name. It's the second step, the next goal. There is the master I want to attend. The city. The capital. There is far enough to escape this life. 

The next day, Wednesday is when we will see Chevica. Catherine will talk to them. Do I prefer not saying anything because I don't see a point or because I am, too, scared of talking to them? 

The day after that I have to tell Rene about my appointment. Ask him about his approval. 

I am scared of his reaction just like I am scared of my dad's. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-11
Words:   884
Minutes: 19

"Thank you, my beautiful girl" 

Today Catherine picked me up. We were going to pick up the licenses. She would go first to her therapy. We agreed to meet a little past noon. I had more than enough time to get ready and wait for her. My cell phone marked a little past 8 in the morning when I first woke up. 

I dreamed with Monica. I told Catherine when we were sitting waiting for our food next to the frikiplaza. "Have you had any sex dreams?" I had asked her in our way downtown. 

I first dreamed I was in a hotel room. I had invited Monica to come over and time passed before I began to think she would never arrive. We were going to watch a movie. She did come. I was relieved that everyone was asleep. Nobody had to know. I guess I felt guilty already. She didn't share my relief or fear of being noticed and the first thing she did was say hello to my parents. 

When we were alone in my room, I tried to turn on the television but noticed that it didn't work. There was some kind of static or visual noise that interrupted whatever was on. The plans were ruined. We couldn't do what we were supposed to. Was I or she the one who proposed anything else? 

I just remember the kiss and the guilt. I thought about her boyfriend but not my girlfriend. Why did we kiss? Were we going to do anything else? I saw her bare breast. What happened? 

I remember scenes or isolated images from another dream. Sand. I remember footprints left in the sand. I remember the noise of the sea waves. I woke up inside my dream outside a local which sold alcohol. No. There was something before. We were lying on the sand. Somebody was by my side. Was she or was Catherine? I remember her, her voice. She talked sweetly to me. She proposed me, no flirted with me. She teased me about modelling something for her. It couldn't be. I remember about myself. About us. She couldn't deal with it. She can't, she doesn't. That couldn't be real. That wasn't happening. Maybe then I woke up outside that place. I was hungover and asked for a beverage. It was like the liters we use to drink. I remembered and corrected the order "without alcohol". They laughed at me. I didn't care. I couldn't give the first sip when I really woke up. 

Funnily enough Catherine remembered me parked in my neighborhood. She masturbated, no, she got turned on with the memory of me being on top of her from the first time we went to the motel. The image of my legs surrounding her, covered in tights, the feeling of the skirt covering both of our bodies, all those sensations lasted her, easy, for two weeks. 

Moments before that, she freaked out. She accelerated and had to park. I put the brake and hugged her. It was the idea of me stopping the relationship with Chevo and Jessica. Me really being alone. Having nobody else but her. 

She had told me before how she felt awful thinking about her loneliness and how it must be for me, who has even less acquaintances than her. Maybe that was it. Maybe was that plus the burden of the expectations I put her being the only one who can support me. 

I'd lie if I write her that I felt nothing while I hugged her. That it didn't hurt me. That I was as calm as I could be and I cheered her up because I am used to the idea of being alone. 

I was scared. That's the feeling I battle most of the time. I'm scared of being left alone. I'm scared of being too much for anyone. I'm terrified of keep counting the people, my loved ones, whose life was easier the moment they left me. 

I thought about reaching out to Melissa, to Hilda. I plan on telling Paola about me. Using her as practice before I tell my dad. 

"I was at almost nothing from standing up and going to my father's room to actually tell him about me", at first I thought I was exaggerating when I wrote that to her. Then I felt nervousness when I realized it was true. I did think it. I did considered it and review the words in my head. 

I bought a gift for Luis. I bought a 2x2 rubik cube. I have it with the cube I bought for him before. 

I'll give him both. I got angry with his remarks about my own gift, but I love him. I will tell him sooner rather than later. 

I already wrapped Catherine's gift. I filled a notebook sheet with our names and little messages. Then I wrapped the timeturner inside it. I used the wrapper from her gift to me two years before, and that I put inside a little box which I taped with the tape of the INE. 

It is a nice gift. 

I love her. She's the person that I fear the most about losing. 

I wouldn't be here without her help. I can't even imagine where I'd be without her. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-12
Words:   761
Minutes: 43

Esta vez no es Sofía quien escribe las palabras, soy yo, Catherine, su novia. Es tentador revisar dias anteriores, no sé porque si ya he leido fragmentos de su diario, dias en especifico que ella me deja ver. Me dijo podia hacer trampa, o dejarle un mensaje. Me parecio buena idea, pero ahora no se que escribirle. 
Hace casi un año que empece a hablar contigo Sofi, veo hacia atras y parecen años, es tan largo y tan corto al mismo tiempo. Hace un año ni siquiera imaginaba que mi vida seria asi. Que me llamaria tu novia, que te diria a ti mi novia, que hubiese tanta confianza entre nosotras como para caminar desnuda delante de ti,  para que vieras mi relacion con muñeca, para que me vieras estallar como lo hice ayer en mi carro. Me encanta estar a tu lado, no encientro otra palabra, simplemente me encanta, disfruto tu compañia, me encanta cada aspecto de nuestra relación, me gusta hablar de temas complicados, temas que nos sobrepasan como todos los que estamos viviendo en este momento. Me gusta hablar de nada y solo abrazarte, sentirte cerca. Me gusta tontear, tener nuestras curas. Me gusta que me sigues la corriente y a veces me toca a mi seguirte la corriente, me gusta cuando me sorprendes como hoy en el caminito de CECUT. Te quiero tanto, a veces no se que responder cuando me preguntas por que te quiero. Quisiera abrirte mi cabeza y vieras lo que pasa ahi dentro cuando te veo, cuando me tocas, me besas, cuando puedo oler tu cabello, al sentir que tu mano busca la mia y entrelazamos los dedos. 
Tengo miedo de perderte, de lo cambios que podrian pasar, de trabajar y tener menos tiempo para ti. Para nosotras. Tengo miedo de la reacción de mi padre cuando sepa de nosotras, son personas tan importantes para mi, tu y el, no soporto la idea de lastimarlos. 
Solo quiero desaparecer contigo, irnons lejos, solo y yo, abrazarte y no dejarte ir nunca. 
Aun siento cosquillitas en el estomago cuando te beso, cuando agarras mi cara. Aun recuerdo nuestra primera noche juntas, el como nos abrazamos para dormir, mi temor de que no se repitiera, de que a ti no te hubiera gustado tanto como a mi. Esa primera noche temia que nos soltaramos, que en algun momento de la noche dejaramos de tocarnos, que te dieras la vuelta y en la misma cama hubiera distancia entre nosotras. Eso no paso, nuestros cuerpos nunca dejaron de tocarse. 
Me encanta dormir contigo, aunque hemos pasado noches donde ya no dormimos abrazadas, se siente bien, ya no tengo el temor de sentirte lejos en la misma cama, se que estas conmigo. 
Me has apoyado enormemente Sofia, me tienes paciencia, simplemente estas ahi para mi. Asi como has estado para mi, quiero estar para ti, me esfuerzo por darte lo mejor de mi, porque lo mereces, te lo mereces Sofi, te lo he dicho anteriormente estoy orgullosa de ti, de ti como persona, por tus cambios, por tus logros academicos, personales, por todo. Eres inteligente, cariñosa, fuerte, aunque no lo veas en ti, se que lo eres, y se que puedes con todo lo que se viene para ti, aunque ahora lo veas demasiado, se que puedes. 
Me gusta pensar en un futuro contigo, en casarnos, en vivir juntas, pensar en viajar, alguna vez hablamos de tener una casa, de cuantos y como serian los cuartos que tendria. Hablamos de paises, y en verdad todo me da emocion, todo lo quiero contigo. 
Me gustas, me gustas mucho, me gusta tu cabello, esos chinos me vuelven un poquito loca, me gusta ver cuando te bañas por como se te ve el cabello mojado, ver que tan largo es realmente. Me gustan tus ojos con y sin lentes, tu mirada es tierna y dulce, expresiva, puedo ver cuando estas triste o enojada, y he podido ver las veces que estas feliz. Me gusta tu sonrisa, realmente la considero bella. Me encantan tus labios, el grosor y la textura que tienen, me encanta besarlos, probarlos con mi lengua. Me gusta tu cuerpo, aunque se te haga dificil de creer, me gustan tus pechos, son pequeños y suaves, me gustan tus pezones. Y creo que no seguire porque luego me caliento. 
Hace dias pensé preguntarte, como sabes cuando amas a una persona, que se siente, que es diferente entre querer y amar, porque jamas me habia sentido asi con alguien, jamas habia sentido, pensado, deseado asi a alguien. 
Te quiero, te adoro Sofia.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-13
Words:   842
Minutes: 29

"I'm angry, no, upset..., angry, I don't know. I guess I am something with you. Because I can't pinpoint it, but no matter what, since lately, I don't feel like I flow with you two" 

We talked. I decided to dress in a masculine way and I ended up wearing a bra and make up. I looked manly, though? No. I looked feminine but I did look like a boy. It doesn't matter. The meeting was planned to be at 3 o'clock. We didn't touched the point until later in the afternoon. 

Today Catherine picked me up and took me to school to ask for the papers need for the license. From there we went to eat. We ate a soaked sandwich and a taco. Like the one we tasted in Guadalajara. 

Yesterday I didn't do my own words. She gave me a hand there. She typed a little message from her own computer. Meanwhile, I was sitting in the jetta with my dad. We were parked next to the road with a flat tire. I was wearing the leggings and still have a little bit of paint on my face. Did my father notice? Did he stay silent on purpose. I considered seriously the idea of blurting it out. Letting it out and just dealing with the consequences later. Stop wondering how freezing is the water and just take the jump. I didn't. We finished the trip to the tires place and just waited there. 

Why was I in need of a new tire? 

Two nights ago, we were waiting for the results of the Last Test. We had planned to me going to Catherine's house and there look at the results. I was already in bed. We both were. Claudia was the one who posted that the results were already public. I could had just looked them up right then and there. I waited for Catherine to look for her pass and her folio number. 

While she was away looking and got lost inside my own tablet. Why was it that I arrived to that thought? What exactly made me think of the master? I looked for the postulation of the master this year. It started a couple of months before. It will end in two weeks. I have two weeks to make the decision. 

I remember now. I wanted to see the dates. I was thinking in the results of the test and how the one with the highest points gets a medal in the capital. They pay that person a round trip to pick it up. What if it conflicts with my other appointment? What if the dates of the tests and interviews of the master conflicts, too? That was what I wanted to know. I, instead, learned that I had just little more than ten days to make a decision. 

I was so perplexed by it that I didn't care about the results anymore. I saw them and couldn't understand completely what they said. I got the highest marks. I was happy and excited. I then, stopped caring. Just like the child my mother described when remember our past, that little kid who lost the excitement of that new toy faster than he could smile. 

Those results won't give me a job. My grades won't give me the rights to a future. 

I went to Catherine's house anyway. I gave her the beers and the sleeping bag and her gift. I filled a little notebook paper with our names and little messages. I wrapped that in the wrapping page of my own present and then put it in a cylinder box which I taped shut with the tape from the elections. 

I wore the leggings to her house. I was seen by her mother and father and uncle. I was seen by my own parents later in the night. I was seen but not really recognized. Her mother asked her today if I wasn't cold. I wore those pants like the kids wear them nowadays. 

We went to the talk about stars in the CECUT about stars and then I returned her home. Twice was I mentioned as a man. They used the neutral masculine and I was upset by my own sad reaction. Why does it have to upset me? I look like a man. I know it. There's nothing I can do right now to change it. Why does it hurt? I already started and did everything I could. 

No, I haven't. I still don't change my own voice. 

What of it scares me? 

I practiced it on my way home. I was hearing me, wondering how different would it be heard by other ears, when the car jumped as it passed that crater in the road. 

When I got home and moved it again to park it in the pick up's place I noticed it and my dad did, too. 

"Tell your Mom we will return soon"

I have two weeks to make a choice. I have two weeks to tell everybody in time.


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-14
Words:   815
Minutes: 25

What is this that I'm feeling? 

Did I dream something today? Did this sorrow accompanied me the whole day? When did it start? 

I remember turning the alarm off. Catherine mentioned something about a dreams of hers and I tried to forgot mine. Yesterday I wrote a little fragment of the day's writing in twitter. I hate that page. I have a profile picture there. Why did I put it? Catherine told me I look god. Is it because of the picture that I don't like it? No. I feel alone. I feel I talk by myself. I receive mails of notification of being liked and re-tweeted. What am I expecting? 

 Anahi posted the status of the death of Alan Rickman. I was going to therapy today. Yesterday I couldn't find my own log. I looked for it everywhere. I did find it. 

Today I was going to dress masculine. I looked... I can't find the word. This is not normal, nor usual. This is... expected? by who?

"Me waiting for my boyfriend to notice my haircut" 

Why did that post make me so angry? Was it the mention of her boyfriend? Was it the comment of her Dad or the likes? Was it that he deleted me, and my mother still have her? Is it that she still has me? That I kept her, too? 

I told Rene about the university and the test and the call and everything. He gave me reasons why I could, why it was possible and I could do it. Maybe he really thought me capable. It wasn't until I told him that I see waiting as the most reasonable choice that he reminded me how he stated this was something that should not be rushed. 

He hesitates and goes back and forth with the pronouns. I don't care. I don't mind. 

The gas dispatcher fooled me. He welcomed me with a plural neutral greeting. I asked for the amount I wanted and waited. "served" he said in the feminine form. 

"Was he mistaken? He was referring to the gasoline." 

This time I was right.  

"Yeah, they sometimes take them to someplace, too, to receive something when they get those results". 

I got the email in the afternoon. The day I'm supposed to take the test in the capital is when I'll be given the diploma. They won't give it to anybody else. Like if I cared. 

I won't do the test anyway. I won't apply for the master. I'll apply next year. 

Catherine will do her trip. She would be gone and not be able to come with me. That's the last city we haven't gone to. 

She had planned several times to change her schedule. She wants to return sooner. It's the best. Her birthday she will spend it alone. She has meetings and interviews of job she has all the procedures and paperwork for the certifications and license. Going in a trip this time of year is foolish thing to do. They didn't took account of her. 

I feel irritated still. I am angry. Is it with Monica or Catherine's mom? 

It's not sorrow I've been feeling. It's ire. 

Rene told me he could help me in any regard, maybe they said a psychiatrist as an umbrella term. I should confirm anyway. They might have a doctor which deals with us "of my situation". 

He has given me certain comments that I've noticed. "He might help you in that or another treatment". "Maybe he's a specialist who can treat you in a different manner." 

Is he trying to get rid of me? Will he back out? 

I'm doing it again. I can almost see the paranoia in this words. I look for obstacles outside, because they're easier to deal with than to accept that I'm scared. 

I called when I got home. I called and the line was busy. I waited and my hands trembled. I called again and I got an answer. 

There was a lady but it was not the same one. I reminded her of my appointment, the doctor and the treatment. I asked about the referral which is needed. 

She asked me to wait and got up. A new voice came. It was calmer, nicer. She confirmed that I need an evaluation but there is no dr, I can choose whomever I want. I asked if my usual therapist, whose not a psychiatrist but a psychologist and a medical doctor could do and she said yes. I asked about the place and she confirmed it. 

I said good bye and we hung up. 


I feel the urge to get up and tell my dad. Talk with him. Why is it rage that I feel instead of fear? 

Will it be easier to talk about if I'm angry instead of scared? 

Would it be easier to scream it than confess it in tears? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-15
Words:   816
Minutes: 19

"I have sad eyes, expressive ones. My eyes tattle me, they betray me. Will I get to the point to want to take them out?" 

Why did I started again to pass the journal? I could just empty and clean the logs in an electronic file. It would be cleaner and more organized. What point is there to write it in sheets of paper with my own hand and ink? 

I remember how I passed the other ones. I would read the conversations with Monica, the fights, the arguments. I'd feel the feelings all over again. Like if writing them down it would be like getting the pin inside the bottle of ink and filling it up. Except there is no pen and there is no bottle of ink, I touch those memories and emotions and the sadness and misery crawl from the pages through my fingers all the way to me. 

Is this the same way? I've just passed two or three days. 

I just returned from Portugal. Consuela stands in my door-frame nervous and with something to confess. I think if she has feelings for me and that would made me feel double stupid. I am a slob who doesn't do his chores. I start showing the first symptoms. I'm filled of guilt and turn off all the lights. I start to drink. The irritability shows with Catherine. I finish bottles of wine and ask for entire litters for myself. 

I woke up late today. I ate a lot. No, I did not. I ate normally. Why does it feel that way? I heated some soup and fried two eggs. Late in the afternoon my mother brought me a sandwich. That's it. 

Why am I nervous? It's the weekend. I should rest or do something. I should do laundry or get out. It's the half of the month. I have a trip to pick up my award next month. 

I should look for jobs, send my resume and go to interviews. Why am I scared? 

I made my choice. I'll stay. 

I woke up and sent a birthday message to Hilda. Did I dream something or the thought of telling her just spontaneously appeared on my mind? I should be thinking about telling my parents, not other people. 

I had thought about sending her the pictures in which she appears. I thought about opening up to Melissa, too. She might be working with Ahmed now. Almost everyone I can think of has a job now. Do I feel pressure? Is that what this feeling is? 

"Why do you need to find a job?" Catherine's mom asked her. 

Why do I? It's what I am supposed to do. It's what I need to do. 

I have to dress formally to the trip to Tecate. Even that is something to which I need to disguise myself. 

Rene told me I might need to go to a psychiatrist for my evaluation. I am fulfilling all the requirements. To him I could had done the appointment in Sofia's name. Wear a dress and used that feminine voice in the phone. Maybe I could just present myself that way to him or her secretary. Going to the first interview and telling him why I go there. Would I treat it as some kind of test? See if anybody notices? 

No, I'd be asked my motive of consultation. I would need to state that I'm going for an evaluation to go to an endocrinologist. 

I don't need to. I can ask Rene for his letter. He said it nonchalantly in the middle of different ideas. He could help me with that. He could do it. 

I can't fear that he won't now. What do I fear now? To what can I get nervous? 

The place where I sent my resume answered that they would arrange the interviews this next week. I haven't sent to any other place. 

I have to take the pictures and get the papers ready. Luis will have his birthday in two weeks. I have his presents. Catherine will leave in those days around. I have hers, too. 

Then, when she returns I can go to Tecate to pick that useless award. 

I fantasize about selling myself, being this proud and confident man who gains their attention in the interview. I'm none of those things. 

Where else can I send a resume? 

What am I expecting, waiting? 

Is these emotions the result of the tangled words I keep hidden inside? Will they vanish when I tell my dad? 

I won't have to see him until nights, I can hide in my room. 

Maybe I won't be ever able to see him again. 

I'll take his son away. 

He is already dead. I'm just in his place, living his life. 

And again I write the same nonsense all over again, as if romanticizing my cowardliness makes it better. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-16
Words:   905
Minutes: 20

"Mum, is it hard to take lipstick off?" 
"If you tell me you're asking me because you're going to put it on, I'll slap you across the face"

Luis woke me up when he couldn't ignite the stove in the morning. At first I thought he was Miguel making himself breakfast. I didn't get up. I stayed there, lying, exhausted, dead. 

A couple hours later somebody entered my room. I heard the sound of the door opening and it was like if I could had heard the light enter with him and extend its arm too to shake me from the covers. "Are you going to go to the United States?" One of them asked. 

I doubted. I really considered it, let the idea move inside my mind like a sip of wine to grasp its true flavor before swallowing it. 

"No, I think I won't." I turned and closed my eyes again. My mother had said if they were going they should be leaving the house around 8 in the morning. 

I woke up again later. I wondered about getting up. Yesterday I rose after noon. It was more than a hundred minutes after midday. 

"Did you sleep late yesterday?" my father would ask me later in Target. "Honestly, I can't remember". 

I shake the weightiness and took my pill. I exited and saw "my mother's men" in the living room. They were waiting. No. Miguel wasn't there. I asked my father if they would not go. Yes, my mother was getting ready. I returned and grabbed the first items of clothes I saw in my closet. I moved some of the underwear closer to the drawer and picked one from the back. I climbed the stairs and say my mother brushing her hair. 

"Aren't there any towels left?" "If you can't see any in there, no... That one is clean-ish" 

I got in the bathroom with the damp towel and saw my own reflection. My long, curly and messy hair, the black strings growing from my face, my eyes heavy and full of something. I passed my fingers through the wires in my neck and grabbed the shaving machine. I was in a hurry but I had to do it. Shaving was not an option, but I wouldn't leave the house like this. I showered in less than 5 minutes. I could hear their voices in my head. My mother asking my father if I'd go. Why did I said no earlier, why until now. 

I put my clothes on and tamed my hair. I wasn't even going to brush my teeth. I did and Miguel and Luis did also after seeing me. 

What happened? 

When did I start feeling bad? I took the pill. Before leaving I decided to start with the double dosage. I counted the pills and measured the days they'd last. No, I counted until this tuesday. I have to buy more. I have the money. Will I pay them myself or will I ask my father? 

It's a way of  opening the theme. "Dad, I need to buy more antidepressants." Would I leave it there? Am I trying to just wait for his answer? Stay passive expecting him to follow up? "Are you still going to take them? Do you know until when?" Or will I take the initiative for once? "I didn't tell you why I'm really taking them, right? ...right. I am nervous about my future. Getting a job, a career. And it's not just that. I don't like my body. I don't like being a man. It literally hurts me looking like this. Being seen like this. Dad, I am trans." 

Why do I feel to urge to type "I am sorry?" Why should I be sorry? It's not my fault. It's not my choice or something that happened because I messed up. It's not a consequence or a misshapen. Would I apologize for being gay? 

O can see it now, imagine it now. But I can't really see it. 

I did talk about the master and the postulation. "There's no point in applying if you won't have your license." 

"Ivan, did you grab some underwear?" "No" "Go and choose some boxers" 

I don't wear boxers. I do need underwear but I won't buy it with you. I won't choose them with you nor make you pay for them. 

It's not my mother whom I want to tell. 

Not even with Luis. 

I change the information in my own contact in my phone. I saw the picture and felt pathetic. Am I getting used to being this person again? 

I went to the optic. The optometrician didn't ask about contact lenses. My mother got in first. When it was my turn it was like routine. "Have you picked a frame you liked?" No. I did look this time. I had time, I wandered. I wasn't limited by their guidance "these are men's". I looked everywhere but none I liked. Even after, when it was the time to pick, I couldn't. I literally couldn't see myself in the reflection. Was it because of my sight or my mind? 

I picked the most similar to these ones. Will they be okay? Will I be okay? 

Why don't I feel okay? 

What is it that I lack? What do I need? 

Do I need their support or is it something to be nervous in which unload my anxiousness? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-17
Words:   856
Minutes: 18

"You are a woman" "So?" 
"I've already seen that picture, you're with Catherine in front of a mirror looking at the camera and making a duckface" 

Does he listen? Did he really see? 

What happens in the mornings? What is it that keeps me down? I told Catherine about the feeling I identified. I looked at the picture. No. Chevo started following her in Twitter. He might notice the posts she makes, has made. He might see my own account and my picture. "Do I look fine in the profile picture?" I asked her once again. Yes, of course she thinks I do. She asked for that photo. Why does it make me uncomfortable. Why do I fear people will look at it and see it... how? Weird? Sick? Pathetic? 

Because people know me, know Ivan. They will see Ivan with lipstick. They will see the person they have known all this time with his face painted up in a ridiculous smile and big shinny eyes. It doesn't fit. 

Strangers see what I show them. Known people see what they are accustomed to. 

Today I couldn't wake up. I did but it was so hard. I heard my dad and the rustling of the paper bags. I heard the door, his footsteps. I did get up, I did wake up and rise. I got up from bed and ate. But I returned. I came back and got inside again and covered myself and hide. 

Was there a conversation? Why do I feel so alone today? I have talked with Catherine. She asked me, no, I asked her if we would go tomorrow to take our pictures. I'll have to wear a shirt and tie and a coat. I'll have to tie my hair and look masculine. Dress sharply, be normal. Look normal. 

That's how I've been looking all this time. Maybe that's what is making me sick. 

I am almost out of pills. I have to buy more. Yesterday I wrote I could tell my dad. I will need his money. There will be more than 300 pesos from the pictures. Then will be another 200 for the medication. I should separate the money I'll need for the dr. It's months from now. There is time. 

Would I prefer it being tomorrow or in a year? 

Am I scared? Why don't I know anymore how I feel? 

Rene will be the one who'll make the evaluation. Am I feeling sick on purpose? Will I hide it from him so I can get what I want? ...what I need. 

I'm not so bad. I showered today. I put apart my clothes to wash them. I shaved my torso and underarms and legs. I cut myself accidentally with the razor and remembered the burn on the smooth legs. It hurts and yet it feels so good. I look at them and see them almost the same. It's like I can't really find the difference. And yet, inside my head, how I feel, it's worlds apart, night and day, black and white. 

I didn't shave my face. Maybe tomorrow. I will have to wake up early and be ready in the morning. I should pick the clothes now and print the paper with my grades and the notes from the Test. I should look for my birth certificate and school diploma. 

"Ok, Jose, so they call you Ivan, right?" 

No, they don't... No, actually yes, they do, most do. Homer was one of the first people to call me Jose. He is the last one who did when he congratulate me for my birthday. Carolina, too, was one of the people who preferred that name. I remember saying it together. Jose Ivan. Jose-Ivan, like a sopa opera. People liked it, several commented how they at first thought it was a single name. 'How do you prefer being called?' 'Which one you like best?'. Until high school I never cared. I thought it was because I liked both. I don't care. Call me Jose or Ivan, or Jose Ivan, or whatever. In high school I started getting interested in names. No, a couple of months before. Entering was when I got my firsts nicknames. Flash, cauliflower, cauliflash, little simba. I didn't hate them nor liked them. They were nicknames. They were like being called Ivan or Jose or whatever. I realized I didn't like my name, I just didn't care. 
Then, the next semester came Chad. I actually was called chad and Corbin. I hated those, and with time, tolerated. 
After that I came to appreciate being called Ivan. Now, most people called me that way. All but a handful of people. The ones who know me more. The ones who know. They use this other name that not even my parents know. Sometimes even my therapist messes them up. Sofia, Ivan, Sofia. He, she, him, her... I can't blame him, nor anyone. Even I needed months to get used to the idea. Even now I don't really know how I refer usually to myself. But yes, you can call me Ivan. You and everybody else

for now, I guess.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-18
Words:   934
Minutes: 19

"Ivan, the technician will come at 10 or 11, can you wait for him?" 

I am angry, I am sad. I am furious and tired. I'm heavy and hideous. I am pathetic and weak. I am depressed again. 

I took the pill, I just have one left. I have no energy at all. I am irritable and down. I don't want to talk to anyone. I don't want to do anything. The washing machine is fixed and even thinking about standing up for my clothes is tiring. Last year I'd be checking over and over waiting for the clock to reach 0 and being the one to move it without anyone seeing it. I don't give a shit. I don't care if Luis or Miguel or my mom see the underwear between my sleeping clothes. 

I just want to finish these words, change and go to sleep. 


I was going to take the pictures and do the procedure for the certificate. I was supposed to wake up at 9 and start to get ready. My dad would call today. "I don't think they'll go that same day". He called the house and I didn't answer. He called directly to my phone and told me the news. Could I wait for the guy? 

Last time I entered the shower and he came just as I was shaving. I had to be looking for the door. Open it up for him. Be attentive. I told Catherine and move the alarm an hour later. I moved but couldn't go back to sleep. I've been feeling off since then. I took the pill but it's been as if it got stuck in my fingers and I swallowed air. 

Are these feeling something that can't be cured by the antidepressants? Are those the ones who have stopped working? Am I broken again? 

I waited and time caught up. It was 11 and a half when I sent a text message to my dad. Would he really come? I was expecting to go to the university before lunch and today because tomorrow will be the auction for the classes. 

He called me right back and asked me about it. I told him that. He might have noticed my voice. The one of it, the feeling under it. He said I should shower and get ready. If I left he would call him and tell him to come later in the evening. I should go. 

I did. I got ready and my dad called me again when I was shaving. He'd come in 10 minutes. Could I wait that? I did and he came. 

I was ready. He came and went. Less than 10 minutes. "Again? Last time it was the same thing, right? It's the second, and this happens very rarely, how curious" I raised my shoulders and he just smiled. He meant nothing behind that. Chit chat. His name was Ivan. Another time I would had introduced myself and maybe we might had a chat about the coincidence. Today I just extended my hand to meet his. I was not in the mood. I don't want to be Ivan anymore. I don't want to meet anybody nor say my name. 

Even shorter than his stay here was the time I had to wait for Catherine to arrive. We drove to her session. I waited in the waiting room. The door was locked when we arrived. She followed our advice and changed the layout of her consult office. 

She did take her pictures before coming my way. Midway there I realized I forgot my tie. I felt this huge feeling of... failure. It was as if I had forgotten my pants or my wallet. A terrible unfixable mistake. Nothing to be done. Deserving of punishment and shame. It was ridiculous. 

I waited there. Catherine stepped in a couple of minutes after her meeting time. A quarter of an hour. We thought we heard the voice of Hilda but it wasn't. It was that same girl from the other time. She got her time back. Liliana gave it to her from the next session without realizing, I was there when her next patient arrived and sat besides me. 

"You are from psychology, too, right?" I tried to smile but gave up halfway. "Yes" "Did you passed the Test?" 
Sure, next month I'll go to a ceremony to receive a prize because of my results, not like it matters anyway. "Yes", I said instead, "and you?" I continued waiting for him to tell me he didn't, or he barely did, and then said something so I'd learn he has a job anyway. "Yes, they all should calm down and get over it". 

He went back to his phone and I continued in my tablet. 10 minutes later Catherine stepped out. 

Her therapist tires me. I felt seen. She knows me, knows my name and who I am. Would she see through me? Would she see this huge shadow over me, that dark passenger that drove me all day? 

I took the pictures after returning for the tie. Catherine did the procedure in school. I'll do it tomorrow before refilling my prescription and going for the glasses. 

I have to do it. I have to get up. This week they're supposed to schedule a meeting for an interview. I see the post about that other job. They're looking now for interns, students. I feel exhasperated. First because I was a student, now because I am not one. 

It doesn't matter. I have enough to do and worry to think about a stupid job. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-19
Words:   945
Minutes: 15

I'm wearing new glasses. I picked them up today. My father gave me the money yesterday. I paid them and the pills. I didn't ask him for that money. Did I lose that chance? Can I ask him anyway? It's not about the money, it's the excuse. Why do I need an excuse? 

I should feel less embarrassed, ashamed. Why do I still feel this way? 

I woke up like almost all the other days. My body heavy and my eyes tired. I opened them and it was just an hour before noon. I was dreaming. We were in some kind of park. I was thinking about the rides. It was just like when we were in Disneyland. Luis was there, and the rest of the family, too. Were Anahi and Catherine there? I know there was some kind of lake. Luis jumped there I worried about him. I dived deeper and deeper and I think I screamed. I wanted someone to take him out, save him. He doesn't know how to swim. He'd drown. Why didn't anybody do something? My father jumped too and swam straight for the boat. Did my mother jump, too? 

In another dream Irving was there. We were in some kind of room with a window facing a big building. There was some kind of university party. Drinks and food and music. He was over me, like when people do push ups and have someone over them as extra weight. Why would he be over me? I'm not strong, I don't exercise, why would I show him anything? 

I was paralyzed when I opened my eyes for an instant. In a blink I was fine. 

Even waking up late I had more morning than which I knew what to do with. 

I showered after I picked my clothes. I didn't even shave. Neither my body nor my face. I didn't put anything on my face. I just cleaned my hair and untangled it. I didn't even tie it before mousse. I put the red shirt over my tank. My shoulders were bare when I looked at myself in the mirror. My hair is really long now. It gets to my shoulders. It's not a ball nor big knot. It's normal long hair. I sent a picture of Catherine and she made a note about my chest. She liked it. She saw it, like a chest, with shadow and a subtle round form. I just saw the black little dots of hair. 

Even my face had a mask of shadow over my chin and neck. I didn't care. Nobody would see me, anyway. 

I was ready and I chatted with Catherine until the time I'd be ready to leave. The offices in the university close between one and three for lunch. Ten minutes after three was the perfect time to leave. I'd be leaving my papers, then stopping in the pharmacy for some smiles in a bottle and finally picking up the glasses near my house. 

I planned the whole day and journey for less time and gas wasted. I had my bag with a folder containing a plastic cover with the pictures and the documents I'd need. I had my book, too. I pretended to read it as I waited. 

In the university I formed in line as I expected. I waited as I had thought I would. It was slower than yesterday. I was lonelier. I had my book. But I just read until I got to the window. After I gave her my papers and had to wait for them to give them back I just stood there. I couldn't read anymore. At first I did seat in one of those chairs. I went all the way to the back. Why do we people look for a seat when we don't have to be near another person? 

I remember once when we went to the movies in Spain. I and Raul sat in two seats. There was an old man behind us who actually asked us to move. "The whole theater is empty, why would you sit in front of me?" 

I didn't last more than 3 minutes in that chair. I couldn't hear anything. They'd call my name and I had to pay attention. I moved all the way to the front and stood there. 

"Fernandez", the lady called. I went there and she saw me. "Jose Fernandez?" she confirmed. Does she do that with everybody? It'd be something normal to do in that situation. Do I want to doubt? Is this time like the one in the gas station where I looked for it? 

I didn't look like a woman. I dressed and acted and talked like a man. I looked and played the part. In the pharmacy I didn't speak a word when the woman selling baked sweets approached me and called me sir. 

I waited in there. It was lonely, deserted. I sat in an empty table surrounded by nobody and drank my water. I read another chapter. This is the shortest book that has taken me this long to finish. 

I should finish it already and start with another one. I actually started it over again from the beginning. Did I caught up again in a loop where I don't pay attention because I don't understand what's going on and I can't understand because I don't pay attention? 

I have my glasses and I see clearer. 

Can I see things clearer, too? Can I have a more realist perception of my future and situation now? Or will I just get accustomed to this new perspective and things will start to get blurred again? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-20
Words:   839
Minutes: 21

"You are a free and independent woman who is not anybody's property" 

Today was an easier day. Yesterday I went to school. I exited the house. Maybe it's this house, this 4 walls who imprison me. Maybe it's being inside, hidden, covered. Yeah, that's what it is, staying inside out of everybody's sight. Ashamed. Why do I feel shame? What is it that embarrasses me? 

Today my father asked me questions. We were alone in the living room. I was lying in the couch under a blanket and he was  making himself dinner. I ate a sandwich in the afternoon and he was doing exactly that, too. He walk towards the end to the kitchen and asked me if I went out. The movement of my head answered him silently. 

I just wrote how maybe being in this house is what maddens me, and yet, today that I feel alright is the day I didn't leave. 

He asked again, in a different way. Will I do something tomorrow? I again moved my head but this time in another direction with a whole different meaning. "Where will you go?", "Therapy", I answered in one word. He stopped there. I stopped him. I could had gone on. I answered his first move with head movements and a one-word answer. I want to tell him the world and I can't even say a sentence. 

There was something in the telly. Yeah, The Big Bang Theory. Sheldon was with Amy lying in the floor of a electronic department in a store. He was indecisive about buying an xbox or a play station. 
My dad heard when the clerk of the store approached them to tell them the store had closed five minutes ago and the registers were closed, too. 

He walked towards the tv with a huge smile on his face and started an anecdote with me as his only destination. 

"When I was in the Netherlands, the [one day of the week, maybe thursdays but I really don't remember] they have this market outside where they sell all different kinds of things. So the stores and businesses from the city close around 2pm when they usually close at 6 or 7.  A coworker was inside this music store browsing some discs. It was like one fifty-something. The owner of the store walked towards him and told him that he was going to close. "Yeah, I'm just looking", he answered back and kept what he was doing. 

A couple minutes later the owner returned and grabbed him by the hand. "I'm closing now, thank you", he was saying as he escort him to the exit! He literally threw him out. "Back there they usually just close the door and wait until the ones inside leave. Here they literally close at 2pm" He finished and he was still smiling. 

He returned to the kitchen and finished his sandwich. 

What am I waiting for? 

The more I wait, the more difficult it will be. The more I let time pass, the more things I have to tell, the more weight it will have. 
The more time passes, though, the more liberating will it feel. The more relief my shoulders will have. When I told my mom I literally had excruciating back pain. Whenever I tell my dad will I be able to walk? 


Tomorrow I'll see Catherine. "Will I go as a boy?" I asked her. When would I imagine that question would ever make sense in my life? 

I don't know what will I wear. I have the two new shirts I bought the last time we went to San Ysidro. They are blue, a color I haven't used in a long time. A boyish color. And yet I plan to wear them with something feminine. I have this idea of dressing with something that I would not wear with my family around. 

Do I do this because of Catherine? Is it for Rene? Maybe I want to dress like the last time, too. Look like a girl when I ask him to write a referral. Make it even harder for him to deny me, to tell me I'm not sure. 

Why do I think of passive ways of telling people who I am? 

Because I need to. I can't stand in front of the world, wearing man's clothes, looking like a man and tell them in a man's voice that I am not one. 

It's as if I had to earned it. I have to fool everybody first. They have to be mistaken. Make them easier to accept I am one. Correct them in their own assumption. 

"Is that person a woman?" "No, he is a man, he's called Ivan" "No, really?" "Actually no, I am not a boy, my name is Sofia"   "See, it had to be". 

Do I think about the world or myself when I make up that encounter? Maybe the real in-congruence lies between what I see and what I feel. That is whom I really want to convince? 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-21
Words:   889
Minutes: 25

"I need my husband, can you get him?" "I can't." "I need to talk to my husband, and I need to hold my husband. Can you at least try?" "I'm sorry."

"Hello, girl, I'm from the school of Anthropology, would you help me buying a cookie?" 
"Do you have a coin for something to eat, girls? Oh by the way, you both are really pretty." 

"I get it, I can see it: I was a child and had it all repressed nicely and hidden. That's why I couldn't get in the girls' bathroom, even though I had my mother's permission and I knew nothing would happen to me, I couldn't because it was forbidden. It stayed that way until I reached puberty and it started to come out in my stories about a man killing a woman or a man meeting one and losing her forever. It wasn't until my teen years when it exploded and I couldn't deal with it anymore so I dived into a dark depressive episode. 
Finally, it all resurfaced again in a moment of huge stress before leaving for another country. I can see it all, I know where it all came from and how it flourished. But how does that help me? I'm the same person I was when I didn't know" 



I woke up earlier than I had thought I would. It was 6am precisely when I just opened my eyes. I escaped from a bad dream of a scene in an all-boys boarding school. A group of students were dressed in girls' uniforms and had wigs and make up. They were kissing each other when other group of boys turned on the lights and ran at them. 

I got ready. I wore the leggings as Catherine proposed me. I liked the way the blue t shirt looked. I shaved my face and it looked fine. I applied make up and my face was normal. I liked it, I took a picture and sent it to Catherine. I got into my car. The neighbor from across the street saw me. He was washing his car when he looked up to catch me in his sight. I, like a little kid, pretended that if I didn't see him I'd turn invisible. 

I parked my car in the parking lot next to my high school. I walked towards Rene's. I met a lot of sights. I saw people turned and inspect me. I noticed their eyes examining me. I saw the way the woman in the car turned to her copilot and laughed. I tried to hide in my own arms as I kept walking. I was lost in my own mind. I saw the green light and knew I could cross. When I gave my first step I heard his scream. I didn't even got to turn when he was already stopped. He apologized three times and I just mumbled a word in a borrowed voice. I kept walking. I entered the building as fast as I could. The mirrors tried to screamed my reflection at me but I ignored them. 

Rene invited me in. I sat and didn't know how to start. 

He saw me more flattened affectively. "I wonder if it is because of what you say of how you think you look or because of the steps you are taking towards a permanent change." 

Both. It's the former and the latter, and that I can't find a job and that I haven't told my parents and that I feel lonely and a lot other things. It's everything. 

He asked me a little about my clinical history. When did I start using the name of Sofia? That made me talk about my days in jr high when I looked for a name. Johann was the one I picked. Jayden was the one I hid and forgot. 
"when you hear Jayden, do you think about a man or a woman?" I would ask Zuri. 

He can't apply tests to me. They are biased. They are useless. How can he evaluate me? How could anyone? I know what to answer, I know what to say or see. Even with a psychiatrist, I would tell him what he'd expect to hear. 

When he said those things, was in a hostile way? Was he attacking me or defensive? No... he just thought of using the tests from that moment. From when it all surfaced. 

I didn't even looked for the MMPI-2 results. 

Catherine met me outside. I accompanied her to pick up her letter. I waited outside the internet place. I was parked but I felt all the people and cars around me. I felt their presence and their sights. 

We ate pizza in the beach. We stayed outside the park. We talked about things, about feelings. I can't remember the themes. I just remember seeing me in the mirror, looking hideous, closing it and escaping its screams. I tried to put make up again, but it made it worse. It was unfix-able. Moments later the hobo came to the window and complimented us. 

We went to wal mart and saw things. We bought condoms and I found her mascara. I bought it. 

After the movie we bought two planners. Like the one she had seen and one similar. I might try to fill it. 
 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-22
Words:   822
Minutes: 20

"I was furious when I read the posts asking for interns with a pay of 1000 pesos the week"
"Have you started your social service? Do you know of somebody looking for a place?" 

I didn't remember. Yesterday Catherine invited me. "Would you come with me to the bathroom?" Any other day I would walk and wait outside. Did I extend my hand or did she grab mine? She was ahead of me. She opened the door and I entered behind her. It's not the first time I've gone in the ladies' room. It's not the first time we've gone together. I remember looking at the stalls expecting somebody to be inside, seeing me and reacting. Informing me I don't belong. 

It's not that I think I don't. I think they won't believe it. 

She told me outside her house when they were in wal mart. How the cashier talked to her dad. She was telling him about this man who tried to entered to the ladies' room. she informed "him" it was the women's. That person stated that she was a woman. "He was a man, his hair was short, he as tall, he had beard..." The person was irritated and showed her. "He had a crack, he showed me his line". The "man" dropped their pants to show her a vulva. 

I thought about it. Does a vagina make somebody a woman? Is that were the line is drawn? People love making the statement about chromosomes. Nobody can see them, they're not visible. You don't see them as you see somebody's hair or eyes. They don't show through any clothes. Not even naked can you see them. I could grow breasts. Even men without hormones sometimes grow them. I grew my hair. There are women with shorter hair. I've worn women's clothes and called sir and little brother. It's not the hair nor the clothes. 

You could grow a beard or breasts with the right medication. But people don't see transgender people as the gender they feel. "There are no such thing as a girl with a dick, just men with tits". 

So it's the line in the genitals? 

When Catherine told me that story, I thought about myself. How I wished I could do just that. I wish I could just lower my pants and tell the world. "No, look, I do belong here." 

... I'm not an impostor. 

I know I'm not faking. I know who I am. I just don't believe that I can convince anybody else. 


I already gave the letter of Rene and my carnet of the hours. I've finished therapy. I've finished my 100 hours. That process is over. Now I actually am in therapy, though. 

I looked and found the results of the MMPI. The gender scale is not the highest one. The first is Depression, followed by psychasthenia. The third is social isolation and finally there lies the gender one. 

It all fits. A depressive episode with thoughts of death and suicide. High rates of guilt and anhedonia. Excessive rumiation of bad thoughts or ideas. Phobias and anxiety. Tendency to repression and disassociation, isolation from others, loneliness. A problem with the role of gender and the identity. 

It all fits. He may use it for his evaluation. He could put the lousy intent of a test with the play-doh, too. 

So I killed another one of the excuses of problems. 

My mother and father left for the farewell party of her boss. Before leaving, my dad entered my room and asked about the graduation. The dates. He noted them down in his phone. When would I go to Tecate? That was the one he was interested in. Is he planning in accompanying me? He might go and see. Is it really that important? Is just a test. It's worthless. ...is it? 

I could apply to a master in a foreign country. I might not find a job but I could defend myself for a place in a master somewhere. 

Argentina is a perfect place for people "in, uh, my situation". 

Is it really mocking when I repeat that phrase or is just negating that it hurt me? Did it? What is it that hurts me more, a direct insult or a trying to being nice? An insult I know their intent. I know to ignore it. I know to hate the person and just leave. But with those kind of things? She tried to be helpful. She looked for a euphemism to refrain from the idea of telling me I'm sick. 

I'm looking for a specialist. Healthy people don't need medication. 

I hate the perception I get from Chevo and Jessica of pity. Their dismissal of it as something to be rejected. 

"I've told you already, that thing about your sexuality doesn't bother me at all, I don't care about it". 

Why does it hurt me? Why does it make me uncomfortable? 





------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-23
Words:   820
Minutes: 16

My father asked me if I wanted to go to the United States yesterday after they arrived from the party. 

Today I awoke in the morning. I turned and saw the phone. It was early. I was so tired. Exhausted. I had said that I would go, but my body was so heavy and my head so troubled that I doubted it. I kept my eyes closed and tried to go back to sleep. It was like ten in the morning when my father entered the room to asked me. I just opened my eyes and said yes. 

"Will we go alone?" I asked him. He was ready. "No, they are getting ready". The bathroom was empty so I just grabbed my clothes and entered. I picked one of the panties that Catherine gave to me. They're small, I wondered if I could wear them all day. I had forgotten about them until now. 

Panties. I hate that word. I always try to avoid it when writing. Underwear, underpants... Is it because of the feminine connotation or is the childishness? I don't say tummy, either. Maybe a little bit of both. I hated the word girl. "Girly" was an insult. Beside being feminine, it was being a child. The first repressed feeling I accepted, was the dread of wasting my childhood. Not being a child, not playing, not enjoying myself. 

Maybe I got it confused. I never got into being a boy because I didn't feel like one. ...
This kind of phrases irritate me. I hate to fall in that same narrative of being something I'm not. I'm not somebody trapped anywhere. Neither god nor anyone made a mistake. 

Nobody will read this. Who do I want to convince? 

Even now it feels uncomfortable admitting I was or wanted to be a girl. A small girl, a child, a kid. 

"I had the nicest dream. I was a baby and my mother held me in her arms. She saw me and smiled and called me Lili" 

That was the lamest and cheesiest line of all the movie. At least that way I felt it in the beginning. I can't accept it in myself. 

Since the beginning I told Catherine, reassured her that I would not ask my parents to see me in a different way. To call me by a different name or pronouns. I would never ask them to be their daughter. 

I imagined and fantasize and practice how I'd tell my dad, what I have to tell my mother still. Neither of those time do I even think about saying the name. About asking them anything. I can, I have, asked my father for money for the antidepressants. I don't mind asking my mother for money to pay for my psychotherapy sessions. 

...but this? I wouldn't. I feel as if I were asking them for the resources to kill their son. 

Their son doesn't exist. He won't die because he didn't lived. I won't say the same shit about a mask or that nonsense. I am their son, I am their Ivan. I was... 

Ivan was dead. Ivan has always been dead. He was a living corpse who felt nothing. He was lifeless. I was never happy, I didn't enjoy anything. This is my chance of happiness. This is my path to living. I'd love their support... I can't write that I don't need it. 

I won't die without it. I'll find a way. 

I bought a purple sweater. My mother stayed in the car when we entered Target. I separated this time. I wandered among the aisles. Men's clothes, women's, purses, shoes... I watched, looked for nothing. Why didn't I just looked? 

I feel I don't belong. I took two pills and yet the feeling didn't go away. 

It's not that "I am not a woman". Or it is but not the only thing. 

I worry about how I look. About how would people think. What if my father or brothers saw me. Luis looks at me, he notices. 

He has asked. Why, if I want to tell him, do I fear his asking? 

I asked Catherine about what could I look for. She answered that a blouse but I couldn't. I didn't. Luis bought his gift for his birthday. 

I fell asleep when they went to Pizza Hut. I was dreaming something when Luis opened the door and woke me. 

It was a peculiar feeling. I felt alive, awake, I was doing something, thinking about something, being somewhere. And then the impulse, a bolt of energy that brought me to reality. I opened my eyes and saw the world. That instant of disorientation, of not knowing. Not knowing where I am, what am I doing, what am I thinking , who am I... 

I love that instant. In that instant I don't worry, nor I fear, nor I suffer. In that instant I don't am. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-24
Words:   889
Minutes: 17

There are no quotes today. I've done nothing important at all. 

I tried watching that Steven Universe cartoon yesterday at night. I remember lying in bed earlier. Opening the tablet and searching where I could watch it. The tablet turned itself off a couple of times and I gave up. Did I read? 

I haven't finished that book. Is that another symptom of depression? I remember not being able to finish books, like the one from Granada and even a couple from a Song of Ice and Fire. I didn't even finish the second from the lord of the rings. 

It's less than 250 pages and I'm barely after the middle. 

I fell asleep and dreamed. I dreamed a lot. I remember very little from them. One I was in a bedroom. There a house of some kind but I can just recall images and scenery. There was a talk about a Toy Story movie. Some woman asked us for an interpretation, or did we asked her? I remember some phrase about identity and body perception. The second dream was in a university. It had certain connection with a past dream or a false memory. A certain kind of mission? A bomb? No, there was a student whom I had to follow. I would follow him because I knew he already was guilty. I knew where to go and at what to look. 

Was it time travel? Alternate universes? I grabbed myself from another, a past one. I was different. I was me, a little younger. I looked completely like a woman, the other me did. She had long hair and a hat. There a little piece of metal in her eye, like a ring that was under the eyelid. I remember thinking how I couldn't even bear contact lenses and that version of me had jewelry in the eye. 

She talked and people saw her as a woman. Nobody doubted it. Somebody asked for a name and I could notice the hesitation before speaking. The intention of saying Ivan. "Jessica", came out instead. 

It was weird. Why that name? I didn't think of Chevo's Jessica. I thought about that childhood friend. The face. Now that I try to remember, I can see some of her in that face. 

I can't remember much after that. There was another dream. It was like a videogame, there were guns and people. Shooting, it was some kind of neighborhood. I was scared, nervous. I feared of being hit, hurt. I woke up. 

I was awake when I heard the sound of the door opening and closing. I knew it was my father and I knew he was leaving. I closed my eyes again and dreamed. The second time the door opened I heard it again. This time I payed attention for that familiar noise the paper bags make. I rose easily and ate. 

I was so tired I didn't even think about it. It was automatic. I went back and turned off the lights. I slept until afternoon. 

I've done nothing since then. I've seen some episodes of that kid's show. I feared I wouldn't be able to sleep at night. I feel tired, though. I started the words earlier so I can go to bed. I don't want to do anything. 

I can see some of those symptoms in myself. I upped the dosage, maybe it's my body getting used to it again. I didn't forget. 

Catherine has aches. That little, something in her back. Maybe tomorrow she will go to the doctor and get it checked. 

Luis bought a game yesterday. Hyrule warriors. In there you can choose the player. There are Link and another characters. He chose a female one. "Why do you keep choosing girls?" He said he had to in that stage. 

Today, he proposed I could buy him and Xbox one and he'd buy assassin's creed. In that game we could both play at the same time. He wanted to use certain character. A little later he corrected himself and said the other name. The woman. I thought about it. I use Lucina in super smash bros. He started choosing Robin. He uses a lot of others but he picked her lately. There is Splatoon where he picked the girl first. Then, Xenoblade where his character is a woman. He started making some comments about his weight. He's a teenager and in time of changes. But I'm scared. 

What if it's not an irrational fear? What if he feels the same way I do? 

I'd be lying if I say the reason that scares me is because of how much I am suffering and I wouldn't want him to go through the same. 

I don't, but that's not the only reason. I am scared of what people would say or think. Two freaks in the same family. It must be my parents fault. It must be my own. He's confused and imitated me. I caused it. Maybe he noticed and wanted to be like me. 

I was his role model. 

He hasn't make any comments or other actions. A lot of people use female characters. I might be just looking for other thing to be scared or nervous about. It might be another symptom. 

Is that another reason to be scared of telling him about me? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-25
Words:   769
Minutes: 19

Hay dias donde no soporto el dolor de la soledad. 

More than a hundred days I've been writing in english. I feel no energy to narrate this days. I know I dreamed something today. It's gone from my memories. I showered today and shaved. I changed my stinky clothes. I try to look presentable. 

Yesterday Catherine fell asleep in the night. I looked some job offerings in that page. Why do I keep doing that? I won't send anything. I won't try. Yesterday I actually fooled me. I thought I would. I considered positions and looked for possibilities. I was enraged when I realized that more than half of those were looking for a female postulate. I saved a job offering. It wasn't specific to my profile. It was done with a high school graduate in mind. Patient and family attention. With my experience in the hospital I actually had a chance. 

I saved it. I considered sending a curriculum right there. Just apply and wait. It was already today. 1, maybe, 2... In the morning it would be a right time. I just had to sleep, wait a little. 

Morning came and I didn't wake up. I died again. I'm dead. I opened my eyes and rose but I'm not awake. I'm still numb, senseless. Floating lifeless in the routine. I didn't send a thing. Why? It's worthless. I have things to do. I have to go to Tecate and have the rehearsal of the ceremony and then all the procedure for the license. 

Deep within I don't fool myself. I know it's fear what stops me. I am scared. I am scared of applying and being rejected. I'm scared of being hired and failing. I'm scared of getting the job and actually being good at it and growing up and getting old and dying. 

I am scared. I am petrified with fear. I want to crawl to bed and lie there until night comes and the day never rises. 

Am I scared of the doctor? Why do I want it to come then? Why do I want it to be now? Why do I want to see him and have an answer now? Having the prescription and going to the pharmacy and seeing the reaction of the clerk. His confusion or his stupid questions. Maybe there would be some remarks. That don't scare me. Having the pill in my hands and thinking about taking it. Thinking about its permanency and its effects, its consequences. Do those scare me? 

I'd take them. I'd take them now and looked for me in the mirror. I'm scared of my own psyche I'm scared of what Rene could write. What if this stupid passenger ruins it for me? What if I have to cancel it because of this feelings? What if they are really fear and doubt? What if its nobody's fault but mine? 

I won't tell Luis. I won't tell my Dad. They'll find out on their own. Somebody will find something, or a word will escape from my mouth and hide in their attention. I might tell Paola. Maybe. I'm still fool enough to think of me capable of that. 

I know I won't add Eusebio or Paola on Twitter. I know I won't reach out for any of them. 

Because I'm depressed, because I'm sad and now there is a big and dark cloud of bad thinking fogging my perception. There are a lot of bad decisions whispering in my ears. 

I need help, and now that I need it the most is the hardest for me to reach out and ask it. 

Catherine is sick. She went to the doctor today. She has a little abscess in her lower back. She is in pain. 

I thought about her death. She won't die. I mean, she will, we all will. But there is no reason for thinking she will any time soon. Nonetheless that thought has crawled into my mind and grasped himself to the walls. What if she dies? What if she leaves. What will happen when she's gone? 

I will be really lonely. I won't have a lover. I won't have anyone to find me attractive. Anyone to really see me as who I am. 

I won't have nobody to talk to. I won't have anyone who would listen or understand. 

I won't have a friend to confide in. I would be lonely. I would stop existing. I'd be him again or just a freak. 

Am I that to the world? 

Or am I that to myself when Catherine is not here to change my mind? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-26
Words:   780
Minutes: 21

"I hate you. I hate you so much I could resuscitate you from fear" 

I was in my bed. The room was black and dark. I had the night inside my bedroom. I talked to the silence as if she could listen to me. 

"I never asked you for your love. I never asked you to support me. I asked you for your friendship, I asked you that you wouldn't leave. You promised me the ocean, the sea. I asked for a sip of water. I died from thirst." 

I will never be free until I let her go. She left months ago. She lives her life and I still resent her. I still count her as one of my best friends in life and hurt her absence. The space that she left empty is only empty if I save it for her. 


I stayed in bed again. This time it was different. I woke up early in the dawn.  I had anxiety. I felt this tumult of energy flowing inside of me, urging me to move, to get up and run, to escape. I turned and couldn't keep my eyes closed. The feeling passed in some minutes and I fell asleep again. 

I remember hearing the voices of the morning leaving for school. I stayed in bed. Noon was the time I got up. 

I took two pills from the bottle and started the day. 

Start the day. What does that mean? I write so much about the difference of living and just drifting lifeless. I see no difference in me now. I "live" for what? What is it that I do? What did I do today after I exited my room. 

I took the pills that give me life and I spent it doing nothing. I felt a little better but I did nothing. Should I do something? I feel this need of what should be. Like a failed potential. Maybe they're just expectations that I'm not fulfilling. 

I am burdened by both the emptiness of time and its pressure. 

The pressure of living sucks the life out of me. 

"I'm in that stage where I feel weird when some people call me sir while others call me son or buddy" 

Gustavo posted that on Facebook. I read it and felt this strange sensation inside me. 

"¿What did you think when you saw it?", Catherine asked me. "Bitch, please". 

Some people call me sir and others call me lady. 

Yesterday night I thought about telling someone. Anyone. Hilda, Melissa, even Johanna. 

I have to tell my dad. I could tell Paola. What's the point in deflecting? The date comes closer. 

"Dad, I have an appointment with a doctor..." 

I could be blunter: "Dad, I made an appointment with an endocrinologist" 

No, that would freak him out. I could tell him I'll make some tests because "of my situation"? That would have some funny reference. "I will go take some bloodwork because of my depression". Maybe I have this hormone imbalance that could worse things with me. I wouldn't be lying. I would be telling the truth in disguise. 

I could be direct and honest first. Tell him as I've thought: "Dad, I've never talked with you about my depression. I've felt it most of my life in some way or another, but it really affected me since high school. It has some biological reasons, factors, but it is related to some other things. For instance, I've always felt lonely or had this difficulty with relating to people. I don't like my body either. Everything is connected. I don't like my body, I feel sad, I feel lonely. One affects the other, and the other and the first one. Like a chain...." 

I could give a speech talking a lot. Walking around the border in a dry swimsuit instead of jumping. Then, when I've already tired myself. I could touch the water with my foot hoping to slip and fall: "I don't like my body because I don't like being a man." 

I could just run and jump. "Dad, I am trans." Fuck him, fuck me, fuck everything. I would say it and deal with it later. 

I'm scared I'll get so full with rage with myself that I'd end up doing that. Hitting him with the news. Provoking him with reality so he'd hit me back. 

"Dad, remember sense8? The transgender woman.... I am like that. I am sorry, but I am like that." 

Will I spent the next weeks until my appointment writing that sentences here instead of opening up to him? 

"Mom, could you tell my dad I am trans?" Or will I end doing that? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-27
Words:   779
Minutes: 20

"Did he see me? That one time, months ago, in the movie theater. Did he see me? Did he ask you something? Have you told anyone?"

I found her ghost again in the darkness of my room. I thought about asking her. Her ghost is mute. Is a silent mocker who just smiles. I considered looking her up. How would it be talking to her again? Why do I keep thinking that? I threw the thought at her and hoped that it would make her disappear. 

I won't look for her. I won't open to her. There is no point nor use. I have no use for any answer she could give me. I deflect, I ask about him but in real I just want to know how she saw me. She recognized me and smiled. That's the information I have. That should be it. So what if I looked ridiculous? So what if I looked like a woman and it freaked her out? So what if she liked it? 

What difference would it make if he didn't see me or he did but didn't recognize me, or he did and did and asked her, or mocked me. 

They live their life, I should fight for mine. I am not in hers and she won't be in mine. 

"I hate you, like nobody in this world will hate you. I hate you, as nobody in this world can be hated. I hate you because you always are still there. I hate you so much I could make you resuscitate." 

I have that song stuck in my head. I played it on repeat yesterday several times. I keep repeating it today. Is the thought of her that is stuck in my head? I feel like a betrayal to Catherine the emotions I still feel for Monica. Even if those are hate. 

Why can't I let her go? Why do I keep her tied to me? 

Even if she stays here hated, I am not alone. Letting her go is her really leaving. Is another loss. No, I haven't lost her yet. It's what I keep saying and telling myself. She left me but I keep her ghost with me. I am the one who calls for her. I am the one who hates her and thinks of her. I am the one who unfollows her and then looks for her news. I am the one who can't stand the idea of losing anybody. 

Her leaving should prepare me for the rest of the people who won't understand. All the other "loved ones" who will leave and judge and hate. 

Maybe I am scared of the hormones, of the change. I am terrified of looking for a job, and even if I can't admit it, I am afraid of going to the capital. I am afraid of starting the process of changing my name. Introducing myself, not as a woman, but as Sofia. Correcting my parents when they call me as Ivan, as their son. 

Making them mistaken. Is their mistake making me this way? Is it mine, growing like this? 

I felt anxiety when Catherine told me I and Anahi could go see Paola when she's in Zacatecas. It would mean telling her about me without Catherine by my side. It would mean telling her sooner than I thought. 

I will tell her about the name. I will tell her everything and then I'll tell the other ones. 

I saw Catherine today. I went to her house. I put on the purple sweater I had bought. At first I was wearing the jeggings. She asked me was I was wearing and I noted how worried she was. I changed and left. I shaved in the shower, I painted my face. I did shadowed with red my lips and then cleaned them after. When I put mousse on my hair. I was going to tie it but changed my mind. I grabbed a couple of bobby pins and styled it in a new way. 

"From the window, as you stepped out of the car you did look very girly". 

Her uncle was in the garage and was the first person to see me. Did he recognize me? She opened the door next. Her mother saw me after. She asked if I had something on my lips. From the window my face looked full of make up. 

I just hid my beard and put that clear gel on my lashes. 

We saw inside out and an episode of Jessica Jones. Her mother made squash with corn. 

Tomorrow I'll see René and take the mmpi results to him. 

Of what could I talk? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-28
Words:   827
Minutes: 20

"I thought about leaving therapy, talk about that with Lilli. How would she charge me if I return and that stuff." 

Why did that upset me? 

I exited therapy in a fine mood. I was alright. I was fine before we started talking. 

"Are you going out tomorrow?" My father asked me. He sent me a text message if I wanted something from the Carl's Jr mid-session. I didn't see it until after stepping out of the room. My phone was all out of credit and the message didn't send. I went to the oxxo and gave all my money. When the message did send, my father answered me back he had already bought the chicken pieces. That's what my mother brought me yesterday. 

I didn't say anything. It didn't matter. Whatever, I liked them. It was a disappointment, though. 

Luis won't go to school tomorrow. It doesn't matter either. My father told me I could just leave after I make him breakfast. At his age I didn't stay home alone. It wasn't until a year later when I started. 

I was 13 years old, I was in jr high. It wasn't the first time I stayed here that I did it. I remember thinking about it. I resisted. The idea came up since the prefects came to the classroom and gave us those little papers. I had the temptation. I thought about it, dreamed about it. I tried to avoid it as much as I could. Then I just entered my father's room and entered their closet. 

I remember the shame, the reflection and seeing me myself. I wish I could forget that. It's not the same as looking me now. Now it might still be a secret but it's not forbidden. There is no guilt. I guess. 

What does it mean that Catherine stops going to therapy. What would Lilliana say to her. She won't deny her leave. She hasn't change a little thing from the relationship with her parents. Her father still doesn't know. Neither about her nor me. 

But I can't pressure her. I can't ask her to say anything because I haven't either. 

My father was alone today when my mother went to her course. Miguel was in here and Luis in his room. My father was available in his. I have to tell him. I have to say it now. I can't keep it inside anymore. It's burning me, it's poisoning me. 

I fantasized about blowing my brains out when I was in Spain. I put my fingers in my temple and closed my eyes. They were a loaded pistol. I could feel their cold and steel point. I awaited the bullet that would never come. 

I would lie if I say that I have no thoughts like that anymore. There is no gun now, I don't make my fingers into anything. 

I feel a cold blade. It's razor sharp and its cut is barely felt. My throat opens and warm blood spills. Would my secret come out finally? Could I finally talk? 

I sound sick. If Rene could read this he might worry again. He might ask to see me more frequently again. 

My father now knows that I have the letter of therapy. He hasn't asked me when will I stop going like Catherine's. I await for that. I hope he will come and questions me. "How more sessions will you go?" or "Why do you still need to therapy?" Something like that which gives me an opening and I could answer back. 

"I haven't finish with my therapy. I need it now most than ever. It's stressing me out not having a job. Being ignored or denied. That besides my depression and my body..." I would take it out and expect him to see it, notice it and say something. 

"Yeah, I don't like my body. I don't like being a man." 

Would that be enough? Or do I just want to say the least necessary? 

Will I tell him I am not a man. Will I mention the clothes or the name? Will I ever? 

Lilly has a job and a new offer. Beatriz can't go tomorrow because she has a job. A couple of days ago, Elena posted a picture of herself with a corporation polo, titled "me at my job".

I don't know how they do it. I don't know how they can. 

They have experience, they are women. 

"What are you doing?" "I just want to see when you finish... I'm counting the number of words" 
"Leave, I don't want to play chess" 

I could had let him stay. He could had read about my body, my father. He doesn't understand much of english but he could know. 

I threw him out instead. Because it makes me uncomfortable to be open, to be vulnerable and being read. I want him to know, I want all of them to know but I throw them out. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-29
Words:   858
Minutes: 26

"And for the lady?" 

What is it with those comments that lift my mood for the rest of the day? 

I have a headache. It's pulsing like a second heart inside my temples. I put the same song of these latest days. I shared it with Catherine. Monica's name came up again. 

"Two people are in front of you: one who loves you and one whom you love. You are given the choice of hugging just one. Which would you pick?" 

"What would you do?" she asked me. 

"None". 

It happened. An afterimage of the memory comes to my eyes. Like an old projector which starts humming and show it. A mute and color-less movie. Catherine and me sitting in Argana's pillows. Monica and me sitting in the dark seats of my car. I had that choice. I had to choose. One whom you love and one who loves you. Catherine loved me and I loved Monica. I was tempted by those new sensations and urges, I liked being loved and needed and wanted. But I was afraid of leaving normality. I wanted that routine back, the security of the known. 

It was an impossible choice so I backed up. None. I would stop with both. I'd escape and leave. I ended up going after both. 

Times have changed. I have changed. 

I love Catherine and she loves me. Monica... she's gone. No, her phantom's here. Do I have a phantom with her? Is she haunted by me old persona's memory? The one whom I stopped being. Just like the Monica she wasn't anymore. 

Who cares? What does it matter? 

My mother woke me up in the early morning. She brushed her teeth and vomited. Her screeches came in a stampede towards my room. They entered through the opened door and shook me from the sheets. I tried to hide from them under my pillow but they came back and jumped over me. She finally left and I lost my sleep. I could use the opportunity and just get up.  Maybe that would help me later to readjust my sleep schedule. Make it easier for me to fall asleep now. It's almost midnight and I have a throbbing headache since mid-afternoon. 

I made breakfast for both Luis and me. I had time enough to shower and shave. Get ready. Yesterday I had picked up the clothes I'd wear. The jeggings and the lycra shorts were already over my chair. I could wear the long shirt over them. I just washed the long sleeved t-shirts. That was another option. When I woke up, I changed my mind. I took a pair of jeans. Luis was here, he would see me. He does see me. He notices and asks questions. How can I be that hypocrite to reprimand myself for not speaking up and not daring, and yet I still hide from them. 

There was that other feeling. I hadn't stood in front of the mirror. I hadn't seen myself. I had only the image of how I perceived myself. I made a construction of my with just how I felt. I saw me as hideous. How could I wear those kind of things? I had that image in mind when I doubted again what to wear. I looked myself in the mirror. Times have changed. It used to upset me that the image of myself and the reflection didn't match. I felt myself as a woman and then my reflection would laugh at me. It would see me and mock me and laugh. 

Now it's the other way around. I feel like this enormous and disgusting blob of a man. I dare to catch a glimpse and I look different. I look androgynous. I look like whatever I want.  Now the problem is inside my head. 

I picked Catherine up and went to the university. My letter is not ready yet. I haven't cleansed my face. 

I took her to her session. She might close it. For now, at least. It hurts me to pause. It hurts me that she closes off the person with whom she talks about us. One of the handful of people who knows about me, who doesn't mix up. Who sees me. 

She will talk with her dad. Not tomorrow nor next week. Maybe not even soon. But she will. He will know. 

Do I wait for her to tell him so I can pressure myself to tell mine? 

I'll tell Paola first. 

I doubted how I looked. I decided to not wear lipstick. It was this weird feeling of not being seen. Of being mistaken. 

Ramon came and said hi to Catherine. When I reached my hand, did he get close to kiss my check too? Or was it just his intention of pointing the place where his shoulder hurt? 

People turned to me and scanned me. They turned more when Catherine kissed me. 

I felt validated, confirmed, when the waiter looked at me and asked for my order. Was he just patronizing me? Did he know? 

No. No. I won't take this from me. Not today. 

For him I was a lady. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-30
Words:   778
Minutes: 20

I feel just like that other time weeks ago when the father and his baby saw me outside Rene's office. "Look at the girl", he told his baby. I repeated his words to myself when I was in bed. 

What is it with me that I look for outsider's validation? Does it change anything when a third person looks at me and calls me with one of those words? Maybe they are condescending, maybe all the others are disgusted. There are a thousand maybes. Why do only some of them lift my mood? Why does it change anyway? I felt like I didn't fool anyone. To me, it was as if I were just a boy in girls' clothes. 

"I didn't expect it either", told me Catherine yesterday. "You looked ambiguous. Your face was clean, there was no beard but no make up on your eyes or lips, either. You were wearing the jeggings." 

She had mentioned that before. Me looking ambiguous. That was what I wanted at first. That was my goal two years ago when all of this started to come up. I wanted to be nothing. I wanted people to feel doubt. Everyone would see me and wouldn't know what I would be. "Is that a boy or a girl?" I wouldn't be invisible or ignored. I could be anything. They would be accepting by omission. No matter what I'd do, I'd be playing it safe. I fantasized with the idea of  unconditional acceptance. 

Now it's not enough. After all this time, I look for them. I wear the clothes now not just for me, not just for how I feel. I can see myself now, I can take pictures and let others see me. I wear them and I want to be out. I want to be seen and called something. I want to test them. Test my looks. I want to know how I'm seen. 

I was nervous, I felt naked and vulnerable that day of july when we went to the pride parade. I remember changing clothes in the men's bathroom in that jack in the box. I got out and I felt everybody's eyes on me. There was this man standing near us in the bus stop. It was raining and Catherine was kissing me. I looked his way. Was he seeing us? What was he seeing? 

Months later I would wear the leggings even before crossing the border. I would wear them as the normal clothes before changing. Halloween was the day. That other day when I was outside. The first one when known people saw me. That picture was the one that provoked Monica's argument. It was the last picture I sent her. 

I would wear the skirt outside the hotel and my car for the first time. No. That's not true. Weeks before I was seen in that same disguise by Chevo and Jessica and Paola. Andrea was the first one the see me. 

I remember being with Anahi that day. She didn't know my name yet, did she? She did. Catherine used it when she talked to her on her phone. In the United States nobody referred to me directly in any way. When we crossed back, a man approached us with a flyer and called us "girls". 

I felt this same feeling which I'm talking about. It was addictive. It wasn't a sexual thrill. It was something more. A validation, a joy. All my life I felt invisible and people saw me. I was seen and noticed. I wanted to be out still. I didn't want to change yet. I asked Catherine if she wanted to do something. I wanted to go the plaza, maybe drink something. Anything. I wanted to be outside and seen. 

Catherine was tired and I changed back later outside my home. 

I've worn some clothes several times since then. 

I've been called by different ways. And every time it's less enough. It's not an addiction. What is it? 

I told Rene that it scared me having a date. What if it's prolonged? What if the time comes and somehow I miss it? What if I go to the appointment and I have to wait even more? 

Even the waiting time that is certain, knowing how long it is makes it painful. The shorter the wait, the more it burns. It's like that sensation of needing to use the restroom and the closer you get, the more urgent is the need. 

There is just two months now. Give or take 10 weeks to meet the doctor. 

I have like 10 sessions with Rene before going. Will I tell my parents before that? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-01-31
Words:   751
Minutes: 23

"When will you take the suit to the tailor? The person might have a busy schedule, you must go soon." 

"To most of those things, I'll be there with you, Sofi. You won't be alone" 

I dreamed with Catherine. We were in my room naked and having sex. I came on her and she screeched loudly. My father came to my room and questioned what was that made a mess. He wanted me to show him to  see if it could be cleaned. I was on my stomach butt naked. I tried to make him leave, but he insisted. He was oblivious to the fact that we were having sex. 

In another dream I remember some sort of school, a building in which we both, again, were walking. Did we find her or did she? Zayra stopped us. No, she stopped me. No, we were leaving together and asked me a question. She asked me to say a little longer. Was I still interested in the project? Were we both? I called Catherine. 

In another dream I was outside. There was my family too. It was like when we get ready to leave the house. Like a trip or something like that. The Mitsubishi was parked in front of the two cars. I walked to the trunk to put something there or take something out. My mother was there, too. She was trying to tell me something. "Don't you think it's time that you tell your dad about you?" 

It was. I should. I had to. I remember the feeling of urgency. Now? No, later, when we were alone. How can you say something like that? Do you have to wait for a perfect moment or do you have to actually make the moment? 

I woke up. 

I finished seeing Steven Universe. Yesterday, before going to bed I saw the episode where they are in a motel. Ruby and Sapphire are arguing about how they feel with what Pearl did to Garnet. In the end of the episode they hug, they both are crying and apologizing and they laugh and fusion again. 

"My laughy Sapphi" 

I cried several times yesterday and today watching that children's cartoon. 

"Are you watching that video?" Luis came to my room to see what was I doing again. I was on youtube after sharing a video of a song to Catherine. "Yes", I told him. I wasn't ashamed nor embarrassed. Why should I be? 


Rinna posted a picture in Facebook about the differences in the definitions of trans terms. In english, I explained to Cath, they use transgender mostly now. It encompasses most of the trans community, like some sort of umbrella term. It means everyone who feels dysphoria with their gender and sex. Whose sex and gender don't fit. 

Transsexual, in english, is a dated term mostly out of use outside the medical community. It's exclusive to people who have gone through medical and or social transition. It has this binary association, too. 

In Spanish, there is some persistence with separating both terms. In English all transsexual people are transgender, but not all transgender people are transsexual. 

The image which posted Rinna had the definitions of Cross-dresser, Transgender, someone who "identifies with the other gender. Most of them go through social and or medical transition to appear like women or men, and Transsexual, the ones who "feel like a gender trapped in another body". They correct this mistake with surgery on their genitals. 

In Mexico and most Hispanic countries, the terms are separated. Transgender are the ones who "appear" to be the other gender. Transsexuals are the ones who have "the surgery". It annoys me this obsession with GRS. Again, it's like the only important thing is our genitals. 

Our. I didn't write their, I wrote our. 

Which am I? I am transgender. I've been transgender since two years ago. Even when I wear these clothes. Even when I'll wear a suit and formal clothing to both Tecate and my graduation, I'll still be whom I am. 

With the hispanic terms, it's like I have to tell them about my genitals. They have to know them to know how to call me. Just to know what is the appropriate term I have to disclose the situation of my genitals. Dealing with this, my junk stops being an intimate matter and becomes public. Just telling them "I am transgender", I am telling them I have a penis. 

They should not care. It's nobody's business but mine. 



