------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-13
Words:   1015
Minutes: 68

"...you're soo cute. I really enjoyed our kiss, too! No regrets."

I'm back home. 

Or is it that I have returned from home? 

Honestly, I don't know what I didn't continue with the words while I was away. There is lots of stuff that happened and that I could had written about. There was the trip with Sonny and her friends, and the COVID scare after the only kiss I had last year. There's the continous flirting that's been going on with Kate, and the inner feelings that I repressed when looking at Les. 

I've gained weight. I finally weighted myself after a whole year here when they admitted me in the clinic in Puerto Vallarta. I was 70 kilograms. It's probably the thinnest I've been in more than a decade. While I don't think I've gotten over 75, I shouldn't be much lighter than that. 

I saw Monica and we had tea together. We planned going to Santa Monica but we had to cancel our trip given she tested positive.

She wasn't the first one that tested positive. Kate sent me the message about her roommate's fever and her feeling sick before I left for Puerto Vallarta. I didn't cancel the trip hoping that it wasn't Covid, so I got extra nervous when I felt sick and had a fever of my own on my second night there. Paty and the girls decided to take me to a hospital. My blood pressure was low, but not as low that the Dr would decide to hospitalize me. I was sent home with antibiotics and a serum to get rehydrated. 

On my last night in Puerto Vallarta, after we returned the rental, Kate sent me a message stating that her results had come back and she was in fact sick with COVID. In Guadalajara Sonny took a rapid antigen test that came back negative. I travelled to Tijuana where I took a PCR test that would eventually come back negative as well on Christmas Eve.

While writing these words, I put on a random movie on Amazon Prime. I got interested in it because I recognized Alison Brie. When I saw that it also had Jason Sudeikis I put it on. The first scene was of them hooking up in college, after chatting about sex, sitting on a couch on the roof. I started getting a faint smell. When I looked into my shorts, I noticed a huge mark in my underpants. What the fuck is wrong with me?

I don't remember what was the message I sent to Kate that night. No, it wasn't any message. I reacted with an emoji on her story with the cat. A couple minutes after midnight she sent me a Merry Christmas message.

Between that night and New Year's, she kept reacting to my stories. First she asked about Nym.

"The ultimate cutie pie."

"Wait, then what am I?"

"You make a good point, the competition is fierce." 

I cut my hair. Unlike the previous haircuts that I've gotten, this one was a radical change. Before I transitioned, even before I had any idea of who I really am, I would fantasize about having long enough hair to tie it behind my back. This is the first time since after Spain, after I named myself, that I can't tie it in a ponytail. 

I posted a story of the ponytail cut on Instagram fishing for reactions or comments, purposefully not putting a picture of the result. A bunch of people reached out, including Kate. _I'm sure it'll be the same tough tie_. 

I met Monica waiting for her reaction. She'd be the only person who would tell me honestly that I had made a huge mistake with the bangs. Either I was wrong or she loved it. _You should always get your hair cut in bangs like that, it suits you._

I went to the pharmacy today to pick up my prescription for antidepressants. I bought paper towels, soap —for hands and body—, and condoms. I bought a box of condoms. Do I really think I will use them? In both having sex with someone, or feel the need to use them?

I keep getting distracted by the movie. I feel like I'm losing my breath a little. Is my higher libido a side effects of the antidepressants, or just a sign that they're working?

The latest messages I exchanged with Kate were after I sent her a message telling her that the park she was at looked really nice. I commented that I might go soon, and she confirmed it, _option number 6 now_. 

We talked about having more options and how we could discard some of them giving the pandemic. 

"Just being with you and getting to kiss you again, I'd be down even for something like getting groceries."

"Hahah, with the way the pandemic is, we might [do] just that as a date!"

"I mean, even if everything closes again, we'll always have number 5. You're always welcome to just come over, with the curfew you might've to stay the night, tho"

"Oups, I might do that then."

The last message I sent her was that I'd love that. No, it was later that night, on whatsapp, I sent a sad face to her answer that she didn't have her photoshoot. She had taken a picture of her eye makeup after I asked her about it on new year's eve. She told me that she was planning on having a photoshoot with her friend. 

_I wonder if you think about me at random times of the day... or night. Maybe I'm just the weird one_ 

I had thought about waiting until my quarantine would end after getting the negative results of the airport test and then send her a hook-up text, something along the lines of _I can't stop thinking about you. Do you want to come over?_ 

No. I hate that last part. If I do end up sending it, it would have to be something better. Maybe a second text, more personal. 

_Option 8?_

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-14
Words:   936
Minutes: 26

_I think about the last time that I saw you. Not the kiss necessarily, but small details that surround it, like bookends. I think about the warmth of your hand on my arm when you got close and the color of your cheeks when you pulled away._ 

_I thought about inviting you to come over, you know, our 8th option. I wanted you here with me, do more than just kiss you... drawing on your skin with my fingertips, hearing whispers of your voice in my ear._ 

I couldn't fall asleep during the night. The sun might have come up, but I didn't really notice it. The last marking of the clock that I remember was beyond 5 in the morning. I sent a message to Sonny telling her that I was considering getting up. I did not. I slept until around 10. It was those kind of mornings before I left last year when I would grab the phone to see if I received a particular message. I didn't. 

Monica sent me an image of an editorial piece saying how there is backlash against the idea that trans teens should receive psychological counseling before being approved for HRT, how is unfair and a denial of basic health benefits with a caption asking for my opinion. _It's true_, was the only thing I said.

Later, after brewing my coffee I explained myself. I talked about gatekeeping and the meritocracy and policing of sexual variant bodies. I wonder what would Kate think, this is her area of expertise. Sexual and woman studies. _Have you been with someone transfemme before?_

"BTW, I was wondering do you happen to know how to get Molly? The drug obvs, not the girl."

Alda told me to ask Danny or Vix. One of them might now. I don't have Danny's contact but I have Vix's, or at least I used to. I follow him on Instagram so it would be just a message. Alda told me to get a couple for her if I did. I sent nothing. Maybe tomorrow?

I got a reply from Calli. She gave me a couple of options for our next appointment, it will be through teams. I chose Monday, before the Neuro meeting. Later Louis would propose to talk about something exactly half an hour before it, but I don't think he'd mind if I skip that.

I started yesterday to fill the new bullet journal. It looks cleaner, for now. I looked into the candidacy exam after chatting with Louis yesterday. The information on the website is misleading. It says that I have to have it approved before August 31st, but also that I have to present the oral exam by the end of the semester. There is another deadline by the end of April, which happens to be after the end of the Winter term. I feel confused and stressed. Louis mentioned yesterday that I've been working on Qrater and I can present that. Does it count? Why wouldn't it?

I'm feeling something crawling in my skin. Not literally like the sensations that made my grandma start taking antipsychotics, but in the more metaphorical sense. It's like stress is a bunch of ants that are envolving me from the feet up. I feel them walking behind my neck and pushing themselves inside my ears. There's the urge of scratching my skin off. I feel dirty, corrupted. I'll probably get in the shower after finishing these words. 

Last night I thouched myself. I tried a couple of times fruitlessly and the third time I finally came. Three or maybe four white spots are still in my blue sheets. Would anyone notice what they are? Do I? Am I capable of getting someone pregnant? How would that make me feel?

When I was returning from the pharmacy, as I was walking uphill with the condoms in my backpack, voices in my head were rehearsing how the conversation would go if it came the need to actually use them: _I'd rather go through the very mild dysphoria of putting one on, than even risk the gargantual one of somehow fathering a baby_. 

I told Kate about the book I read, Detransition Baby. It was about motherhood. She might be very interested in what I would have to say about this kind of emotions. It's a horrible topic for conversation for the girl I'm dating and want to have sex with, though. It's probably not something I should bring up.

Maybe this thing that we have going on is not working for me. I'm not in a good mental place for it. After sending the message last night, I kept going over it in my head. Doubting it, feeling insecure about it, wanting to take it back and swallow it. Even just now, I keep thinking how she might be creeped out by it. Why? It's the true, I do wonder if she thinks about me, and I do think about her. I just wrote about telling her about the mixed emotions I feel about hypothetically getting someone pregnant. When I was wondering about telling Alda about me, she was the first person that I wanted to share it with. I thought about mentioning the relief I got after passing security in the airport. I do think about her. 

Yet, I feel like I should hide it. Because if she knows the effect she has on me, she might realize that it's better to leave. 

What's the worst that could happen, though, that she stops replying? Doesn't she do that already? It would just be a longer wait.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-15
Words:   799
Minutes: 26

_I just got the results from the test of the airport. I officially don't have COVID. Again. I don't think there's a curfew anymore, but you still can come over and stay the night if you want. I'd love having you all to myself for a full night._

Am I being obsessive? 

I forgot to mark the time when I ate. I'm using the app again to record my fasting. I stopped at Puerto Vallarta. The Dr specifically told me not to have long periods of fasting when I was at the clinic.

Tomorrow is Johanna's birthday. I was sitting on the couch, reading my book on the kindle when I thought about exchanging letters with someone, anyone. Emails are a big part of Rooney's books. I envy those interactions. They could be like these sort of entries. Long exchanges of intimate thoughts and emotions. It'd be normal to wait several days, maybe even weeks, between responses. I thought about Johanna and the message I sent to her last year. She replied back to me proposing a videchat but we never pursue the conversation further. She congratulated me last week on my birthday. I knew hers would be any time soon this month and so I checked her profile to see if there was an email in there. It wasn't. There were birthday messages from last year. Will I send her something tomorrow? I know I should, and probably will, but do I want to?

I dreamed about Monica. She was sick. Cancer? Something about her breasts. Later in the day when I actually told her I had dreamed of her and that we were a couple I skipped that part and remembered how she actually had surgery on her breast before we started dating in high school.  I told her this time I was the man and that nothing fun or dirty happened. I said we were just chatting and she sat on my lap. Was it just that what happened? Why did I think we were a couple then? Maybe we kissed. No. I would remember that. 

In the morning I checked my emails and I had one of the government of Quebec. It reminded me about the protocol for travellers. It was way more explicit and detailed than the paper flyer they gave me at the airport. Apparently I had to report my arrival to my place of quarantine before 48 hours after my entry to the country. I still haven't gotten the test results. Nor a response from Kate. 

I asked Monica if she had given COVID to her guy. She told me that he did get sick but not from her. He also tested negative recently. They haven't seen each other for obvious reasons, but they talk everyday. They are seriously dating. They have the same age. Well, I think.

When I told Alda that the idea of being more interested in someone than they are into me made me nervous, she told me it was completely normal and it always happens. Is that it, what happens with me? I lose interest when I notice the other person is more interested in me? 

It happened with Monica well into our relationship. It happened with Catherine in the begginning when I realized she had feelings for me. It happened with Sonny when she started getting pushy with sex. I lost my libido entirely.  

With Kate, is fairly obvious that I am way more interested than her. It wasn't mixed signals, I realized last month, but her ADHD. But is it, though? 

"Do you make all your dates wait months between seeing you again? Because it's really effective, let me tell you"

"It's not a move, I promise. But, **yes**. Like, I get stressed and busy, it's really accidental."

She was the one that brought up seeing each other again, just like that other time. 

Also, there's no 8th option. After bringing out the idea of going grocery shopping during the pandemic, I called back to my previous proposal of coming back to my place. It was the original 5th. 

She reposted a story from a friend of hers. The thing that happened when I saw that other picture of hers at the party didn't happen this time. I replayed the picture a couple of times. Her friend seemed Mexican, or at least latina. Does she see my stories in a similar way? 

I posted something about picking up a package in shorts. I received several comments and reactions, even something from Paty.

Nothing from her. I'll wait until after getting the negative results from the airport. I'll be direct this time. She already said before that she'd come. What am I really expecting from this?

I feel like I'm missing something. Something doesn't feel right. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-16
Words:   873
Minutes: 22

"Everyone's like: _Sofía, WTF is wrong with you?_ But, nobody's like: _Sofi, here's my email, send me a long and intimate email about WTF is wrong with you_" 

I might be starting to show symptoms of depression again. I couldn't get out of bed in the morning. I woke up rested at around 8 in the morning, but I stayed in there with no motivation to start the day. I wasn't hungry, I didn't want to watch anything online nor did I crave the taste of freshly brewed coffee. I turned and covered myself with the duvet and the pillow that was behind my back. I finally got up after noon. 

Last night, shortly after I finished my words, I got the email from dynacare with the results from my PCR test. They were negative, of course. I can go out now and don't have to continue reporting my symptoms to that phone number. But, what's the difference anyway? Everything's closed still. I have no one to go out with. 

The first thing that I thought when I got those results was that I could send that message to Kate. Maybe that would produce a response from her. Maybe. 

It didn't. But to be fair, she hasn't seen it. Or, hasn't opened the conversation. That was the second time I contacted her. It was last night. Does that have anything to do with my low mood? I feel pathetic just considering it. Calli would tell me that I am allowed to feel this way. I am not the only one who feels bad when they think they're being ignored or that they're not getting the attention they want. 

Do I hate these feelings because they're feminine? Or do I relate them more with childishness and immaturity? 

I posted the picture I took last night of the Kindle with a text blub sharing my want of exchanging emails. I got some responses, but the first one was Armando's. He was an asshole as usual. A playful asshole. I know he's not being a dick on purpose, or at least not with malice. I relate his attitude to the way that Anahi and Catherine would playfully diss me. I hated it, but I knew they didn't really mean it. Is it a particular mexican thing? 

I posted that again as a second story and that got more responses.

Monica told me she felt offended given that I didn't send her any email. Clau —or is it Alex, now? Maybe I should check that with them— took my offer. Aliza asked me if Telegram was OK, or would I prefer an e-mail.

A couple of weeks ago I shared with Monica the irony about how I didn't catch the hint with Meghan, the girl from the club, and yet I was wondering if someone liked me because she liked two of my instagram posts in a row. I feel a little like that when I wonder what's the issue with Aliza. How would I behave if the places were swaped and she had just asked me if something had happened while she stayed in my place. The hypothetical actions would vary entirely depending on if I were attracted to her or not. Could I write about that in an e-mail? Maybe, but surely not the first one. 

Kate saw my stories, but didn't send anything like those three days between Christmas and New year's. She posted two of herself. Two videos of children sledding in the snow. There was music in them. It was in Spanish. Carla Morrison. These ones, unlike the last picture of her, I only watched twice. 

I wish I had some alcohol right now. I'll go out tomorrow after the neuro meeting. I have to read those papers. It's still very early. The sun setting at this hour really messes with my sense of time. 

I keep thinking about Kate and my reaching out. She doesn't know that I watch her stories several times. For all I know, she could do the same thing with mine —although, I'd bet she doesn't. Again, the distaste I feel after I reached out to her a third time in those stories without letting her get back to me, is it the lack of replies? Or is it the hypothetical impression she might get about me being _too pushy_, as Monica said? 

I know she's nice, she wouldn't outright tell me that I'm too attached. Perhaps that makes it worse. 

She was direct, though. After what Eliseo told me and I talked with Monica about my feelings related to her mixed signals, she was quite direct and assertive, telling me that she tries to get back to me as soon as she can, when she stops feeling overwhelmed by her day or stuff.

It made me feel silly. 

"Maybe I was the toxic one, all along", I told Eliseo afterwards. He didn't deny it nor confirmed it.

This traits aren't necessarily feminine. They are signs of emotionally immatureness. And just now, after typing this, I think back to the conversation I had with Anahi and get overly conscious that I am five years older than her. I am the one acting —and feeling— like a teenager.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-17
Words:   834
Minutes: 37

" La intimidad quizá es un poco más dulce cuando la compartimos con alguien que no la merece."

Last night I sent the e-mail to Monica. I really liked it. I re-read it again when I was lying on the bed before falling asleep. I loved the way I closed it. It felt like a letter that would be inside a book, without feeling fake or performative. I did feel like I mentioned Kate too much —like sometimes I feel in these entries— but when I read it again, I thought it wasn't that focused on that subject. 

She sent me a text this afternoon telling me that she had read it and was going to write me a response, but maybe not today. I opened whatsapp in my recent (again) urge to open the app and see if I've had any new messages. I saw she was typing and I rushed to sent her first "typing, typing... what are you typing?" before she could sent her message.

I reassured her not to feel pressured about it and that she could reply back whenever. It is actually very nice not feeling the anxiety and insecurity about not getting a response.

I didn't want to wake up and kept postponing the alarm. Last night I did read the papers for this morning meeting, but maybe it wouldn't have been any difference if I hadn't. I showered and changed just in time to log in into the deep nuclei meeting that Louis had scheduled. I thought about sending him an email or a message to tell him that I had an appointment and would have to leave early. Neither Neda nor Vicky were at the beginning of the meeting. Louis talked about rescheduling and I thought about my last day here in Montreal last year when I cancelled the Neuro meeting with them because I'd be meeting with Kate and ended up meeting her an hour after the meeting ended.

Half an hour later, not much after Neda logged in and they actually started talking about what they were going to talk about, I got a message from Calli asking me if I was ready for our session. In there I shared with her how I feel embarrased about talking about dating. She must have picked up something because she shared with me how she didn't start dating until her thirties, so of course I wasn't late. 

I remember my own training back in college and how she even apologized for talking about her in session. That's how you're supposed to do it. Apologize or avoid it entirely. Don't give your opinions nor thoughts. I know it goes against the specialized training that an LGBT counselor must have gone through, but sometimes I really wish she'd just tell me how it's all in my head, how there's nothing weird in that Alda nor Armando had any suspicions that I am trans. I want to hear that I do pass, that my voice doesn't sound any bit masculine and that my beard shadow, whenever it's visible, only looks like the kind of problem a woman would have because of a hormonal imbalance. 

That's what I've heard from both Monica and Sonny, why is it not enough? If Calli were to say something like that, I'm sure I'd doubt her with some ridiculous reason like that she's only saying it because she's my therapist and doesn't really believe it.

After writing Monica's email last night, I started working on Lomelin's one. It did help to take my mind of Kate's silence. Last night she replied to my instagram's message telling me how she had just gotten her period. I wrote in the email I sent Monica how I still feel weird about that subject. With Calli, I mentioned the other dream I had when I had it in my twenties. 

"It's not too late", was the phrase that triggered me into thinking about that, about all the stuff I missed. I feel embarrased just typIng this, but I really wish I could have gone through a normal childhood. 

One youtuber posted an image on twitter about the two hands holding the colored pills from the matrix. One would make you wake up as a six year old with all of your present memories, the other one would give you I-don't-know-how-many million dollars. The tweet was maybe two hours long when I replied that, as a trans woman, I would take the red pill no matter the amount of money that the other one would give. 

I deleted the reply maybe an hour later. Nobody liked it or replied to it. It's the first time that I've posted in social media about me being trans. Several people from the lab could had seen it, maybe some did. I don't know why I did it. 

I just know that I wouldn't prefer any amount of money in the world against the chance of having grown up as a normal girl.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-18
Words:   0
Minutes: 0



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-19
Words:   0
Minutes: 0



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2022-01-20
Words:   0
Minutes: 0



