------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-18
Words:   770
Minutes: 0

I'm not sure if this should be written in my native language or in English. The first sentence is there. The words are like little insects who run away after turning the lights looking for them. I guess this would let me practice my English. I haven't used it for more than a phrase since being out of the country. And now, like shooting stars in the dark, barely-moon-lighted night sky come flying to my consciousness. 
I don't know if I can keep up with this. I don't get how I can talk for an entire hour every week in the divan of my analyst. How would that be? Being paid for having a glimpse of my mind: my feelings, memories, regrets, pains. I should know, that's for what I am studying for. 
The music is playing from my earphones. That familiar whisper of an Irish musician. I remember, barely, the last times that I came to this website. I listened to this kind of music and let my mind wander with thoughts of the same girl. That I'd not love her for ever would have been unimaginable. And yet I don't. I hope I don't. It would all be better if I didn't. But I do. 
I'm with another. I should be happier. If it would all depend on her alone, I would be. She's kinder, happier, more comprehensible and caring. The only thing she is not is her. But that's not the reason. 
I am not also the same person. Not the same man loved by one and befriended by the other. It has passed more than year since our relationship ended for the first time, and almost one since the last time it broke. It's barely more than a week since it evaporated completely. 
And she's been here with me. Since the start. Even when I left and didn't came back, she stayed. I don't deserve her. I didn't even appreciated it until recently. I don't deserve a lot of things. And maybe I do deserve some of others. 
It would be a lie to say I don't think this is some kind of punishment. Rene said that I know now that it always have been, as if it was some kind of consolation or reason to feel better. That it's something I've carried all of my childhood and youth was the reason I stayed hidden in the darkness of my room, covered in the sheets crying my soul out. 
He didn't think that giving medication would be the way to treat my sorrows. He wanted to try something else. Things I could control. I guess that didn't work. Thursday he offered the pills after I declined going to a group. 
I had the class, I have the profile, I, more than anyone should be familiar with the notion that psycho-pharmaceutics are not the devil. That antidepressants are not a sign of weakness and their secondary effects are not lethal. 
And yet again I declined.
"That's not the medication I want." 
And they're not. They really aren't. And I never would have imagined I'd said it. Not yet. 
But I said that I wasn't ready, too. And I'm not. I know now. He said it. I'm not like them. That's why I don't want to go to a group. I don't want to be part of a whining club of transgender girls. I don't want to be referred to when one second-class sexologist who doesn't know the correct distinction of gender and sex talks about her transgender girls patients. 
I don't want to be a transgender girl. I don't want to be transgender. I am not a girl. 
I am not a boy, either. I don't know what I am. Why would I want hormones if I'm not transgender? Why would I despise and hate the image of the mirror if I'm not a girl? 
Why I would I'd prefer dying than staying in this body if I'm not broken? 

I do know what I am. I am broken. I am weak and small and needy. I am hurt and in pain. I am lost, confused, desperate. I am a boy. I am a girl. I am transgender. I am depressed and suicidal. I am in need of help. 

I should take the pills. Take the helping hand, the offered crying shoulder. Dysphoria is hard and heavy and I have the weight of the depression on my shoulders, too. 
I don't know where one ends and the other begins. 

What if the medication doesn't work? What if I ruin that, too? 

What if I can't be helped? 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-19
Words:   779
Minutes: 0

Another night, another sleepless night in where I have to hide from my nightmares and pain. I read the words that came from my fingers and I can't help but cringe. They sound like what I wrote when I was in high school. I feel like I felt when I was there. I missed Monica, too. But I hate her now. I wish I hate her. I don't want to need her, and love her. If I hate her I can forget her and move one. She can't hurt me if I'm immune to her words or actions, or the lack of them.

It sounds as if my problems were nothing more than the loss of my fucking high school sweet-heart. I went out today. This evening should have been like the many before it. Sunk in the blues and rose from the deep with the help of alcohol and sex. It didn't work this time. Both were good, as good as other times, maybe even better. But it was all the same. The thoughts came falling down like missiles from airplanes, crashing in the ground of my mind and exploding, destroying everything in their reach. 

Who would miss me if I die? I fucking hate knowing what I know? What's the use of knowing the signs if I can't do anything for them? What's the point of knowing that they are the same intrusive thoughts I had when I was deep in depression? What do I care if they are not based on reason? They are real to me. I can't judge an emotional thought on reason alone. I don't know if it can be done. I just know I'm not capable. It wouldn't be the first thing I'm not able to do. 

I do know one thing I didn't know back then. I can pinpoint the cause of them, of it. 

I have the fucking cause which I can place the blame to. The problem is it's not out. I am still the reason. It hasn't change a fucking bit. 

This should have been the point where I started writing about the cause, but I can't. I don't want to. 

I'd prefer writing about a little boy. A young, innocent child playing with a ball. A red ball with a big star on it's side, bouncing in the grass with the child running for it and his laughter echoing. Not a single worry in the world. Having fun, being happy. 

Have I had a single moment like that from my childhood? What's the point of asking the question? Maybe I did, of course I did, but I can't remember them. All my childhood memories are but signs of why I'm broken. 

The ball bounced too high, the glare of the sun blinds the kid when he looks up. Where did the ball go? His big and shinny eyes scan the horizon looking for a sign. His smile reaches it's lifetime and it was never seen again. What's a ball but an insignificant toy? It should be replaceable. But it's not. It doesn't matter how many more toys they give him to replace it. It will never be the same. He can have as many balls as money can buy. But they are not that ball. What was his color again? Did it have a star or was it a moon? It's not a ball anymore, it's a memory. 

And memories can be fake. 

When the boy reaches young adulthood and goes to therapy and start vomiting his thoughts and memories and dreams and fears it will come the time when he talks about his memory, his favorite ball. Maybe then will he realize there was never a ball in the first place. He never lost it, he never had it. What's the ball? It's not a toy, it's not a memory. Is it a dream? is it the symbol of an unconscious desire, wanted but lost? Or is it just an allegory inside a fucking story told by a depressed and insomniac person? 

I can't even tell a fucking happy story anymore. 

I lost count of how many times I cried today. I asked the point of talking to Monica several times before. In that same way I doubt the point of wearing those clothes again. Why bother when they're nothing more than a disguise? They are a mask which doesn't cover my identity. I used to feel better wearing them, it felt correct. Now it hurts more when they still see me. But they don't see me, do they? They see the old mask. The thing is they don't see me even when I show it. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-20
Words:   790
Minutes: 0

"Don't you get tired of watching the same thing all the time?" 
"Don't you get tired of being in a bad mood all the time?" 
If she could only knew. 'Yes', I wanted to say, to scream, 'that's why I'll be taking medication for it soon.' I didn't. There are a lot of things I want to say or do that I don't. What would she think? What will everyone think? It's not something far far away. But at the same time, it could be another thing that never happens. 
René have said things before like that. It's not been the first time he has mentioned medication, psycho-pharmaceutics. The time before he discarded the idea. We should try something first of which I have control. Does he think I'm not able? I'm a failure or incapable. No, that's a myth of medication that I should have thrown out since the firsts semesters. But I can't help but feel that way. How ironic, the mere idea of taking antidepressants makes me depressed. 
'That's not the medication I want.' 
Is it cheating in this thing if I keep writing the same words over and over from every day? I just don't want to stop and lose the streak. A lot of times have happened that exact thing. I am an expert of losing the streak, initiating something and leaving it behind and forgetting it. 
What have I not started... If I continued everything that I started I would be, by now, a musician, an athlete, a polyglot, someone with knowledge of electronics and programming. 
There are things, though, that I have finished. I did went away. I lived, and studied, in Europe. I'm finishing my degree. It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. I have been my saddest and my happiest on the last few years. On my time in Spain. I was the loneliest and fullest of people. Can you call the people near you "friends" if they don't really know you?
Today we saw the information of a Master degree in Vienna. 
Yesterday I received an instant message from Consuela. 
This morning after showering and shaving I opened the conversation in my phone with Johanna and started typing a Hello, but stopped and deleted it. 
"Have you talked with the other flatmates?" she asked. I haven't. The idea hadn't even crossed my mind. Should I feel guilty? They were like my family. I said it myself. Had I lied? Or am I betraying my own word? 
She asked, too, if I have finished my degree. Almost everyone from the people I met have finished theirs. Brazilians, Puerto ricans, Italians... the Spaniards. Even the other Mexican from my class. Chevo, Jessica. The other people who went abroad, too... Almost everyone but us. We did lose a semester, and everyone who knows tells us the exact same thing. "But it was worth it, wasn't it?" 
And it was, I don't say it's not. But, I don't know... 
I missed them, I miss Salamanca. I miss my bed and my room and mi view. I miss missing these people, and this house, and this city. 
When I saw the Austrian master, everything was perfect. It couldn't be better except it were free and asking for mexican psychologists. 
It's an multinational, multidisciplinary master program which asks of no professional or research related experience. Cognitive sciences in universities from Central Europe. Fewer than 800 euros the year. Even less expensive than the ones in Spain. 24 months. That's when I stopped smiling and the dream evaporated to take me back to reality. I'm not normal. I'm not "me". And taking the master would imply taking 24 months of being, like this. 
Even when chatting about it with Catherine. It all stays. I try to ignore it. Stay in the fantasy, dream, avoid waking up and just keep talking about our time there, and the scholarships and our flat and experiences and everything. 
"What would happen if only one of us is accepted?" I avoid the question. Shut up, don't bring me down to our shitty reality, don't take this away from me. Just close your eyes and stay here, there. 
Madrid, Granada, Vienna, Buenos Aires. Yeah, it's easier getting a master there. Sure, it's more expensive than the ones from here, but they're Spain, Austria, Argentina... 
Rene once asked me, why I wanted to go away. Why, indeed? From what am I trying to escape? 
The last time I went away my problems accompanied me. Sure, they hid from me for a while. But I came back, and they came with me. 
That "me" has been with me this whole time. 
And that "me" is something that antidepressants don't cure. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-21
Words:   834
Minutes: 23

I went to therapy yesterday. I asked for the medication. It's something that I should take, a help a need. I am scared. What if they don't work? or if the secondary effects are worst than the main one? What if after the pain inside me is gone, nothing is left? 
He said the help maybe could make me see things clearly. Am I confused? 
I had a dream today. Something with vampires, maybe. I was part of the people who were unaffected. We were escaping, maybe. Maybe we were working for a cure. I remember feeling afraid, persecuted. Looking in a room where there was a bed. My brother was inside and a stranger with him. He was asking my brother some questions. I don't know if he answered them or of what they were about. I just remember seeing the gun and wanting to scream. For a reason I could go back in time, do something so the events wouldn't unfold that way, maybe warn him. I did and it didn't happen. 
But I stayed paranoid. I took a gun for myself and keep it with me all the time. I already felt threatened with the vampires and now I had to be questioning the humans too. I remember the fear, it was like a part of myself. The gun became another limb of my body. A killing limb. 
I woke up. It was the first time all week I felt rested. 
What if I don't really need the medication and it all goes away? Maybe I should just wait. 
But on the other hand, what if in the wait I end up killing myself? 
Is it really an option? doing it? Would I be capable or is just an empty threat I ended up believing it myself? 
What if all of this is something I made up and just don't remember? 
"Now you know it's something that has always been with you", he said. Maybe that it's not it's what's made me go down. 

Today we saw Eusebio and Jessica. 
I wore the pants. Her pants. The last pair of underwear. All week I have worn just women's. After the shower I put on the clothes and shaved. Yesterday happened something similar. I put on the clothes except the shirt and go stepped in front to the mirror to shave. I had the gray bra on, and looked at the reflection of myself with it. It still feels weird, awkward. Like it doesn't fit. I had to put on the shirt, but then I would wet it with the latter so I had to take it off. And it was a cycle with no end. I don't remember what was it that I ended up doing, but I shaved. 
Today I just put a gray undershirt over the white bra. It still showed, but it was bearable. What was not bearable was the frustration of my facial hair. No matter how many times I pass there still remains hair. Be them small ones or really small ones, there still shows something. It doesn't matter if I take my time and do it really really careful, or if I make more passes over the same place, there still shows the sign of what used to be there. 
"And after I shave and look at myself not several hours after and there still is a shadow no matter how close I go or how many times I cut myself and I get full with rage and impotence and just want to claw at my own face and take all the skin off" 
I still get nicks and cuts. I don't want to see anything. I want it gone. 

After seeing them, and eating in that usual place, we went to Intro to Thanatology. We got paired up and asked to do some roleplaying. We prepared with a relaxation exercise.  Zayra gave us some little notes with the role we should play. I was the therapist first. I did active listening, asked questions and made interventions. I did well. Andrea told me about the changes she's been through, her losses. Her grandma, her boyfriend, her phone. I listened and empathized. 
It was my turn and I opened the paper. It said that I just broke up with a several years relationship who wasn't just my partner but my bestfriend, and the plans of our future were gone. I knew I wasn't feeling well with the rupture. 
I talked about Monica. I surprised myself. I told her, I confided in her. And I felt sad, and I felt really angry. 

It turned out Zayra used our own situations, but change places. We should feel what was having someone with a problem similar to ours. I didn't notice. 
Her paper said she was going with several changes in her life, and couldn't bare them. Didn't know what to do. She was lost. Her future was vague and uncertain and felt that something inside her was broken. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-22
Words:   797
Minutes: 22

There has been various years since the last time I brought my laptop to Mexicali. The first times I always did. It was a novelty, I had to make use of the portability of my main computer. Then I started to notice that I would keep bringing it and never use it. So I started to wonder why should I carry the extra weight. So I stopped. 
Yesterday I didn't know if I wanted to come. The last two times my family came, they didn't bring me with them. The last time because they asked me to take Miguel to a party. Now I had a reason to stay. I could have stayed with Catherine, keep working on our investigation. Be alone in her house when her mother went to class. I don't know what was it that made me want to come. 
I missed coming from the United States. I can't really identify what exactly is it that I romanticize. The store with a subway in it, the one of the gas station in the middle of nowhere. The road, maybe? 
We arrived. It is the birthday of my uncle. Everyone say hi to him and hugged him. I didn't. I just passed by. There was a lot of people already. More and more faces. Everyone smiling. Saying hi and waving. They were expecting me to get close to them and kiss them in the cheek and smile and be happy. I tried. I really tried the first times. But I failed, like everything I do, apparently. I got close, I said hi and kissed. I smiled the first times. But by the time I got in the house I just waved. When I arrived to the dinning room I just smiled and went straight to the bathroom. I sat on the toiler and take out my cellphone. It was like my times in Spain. Whenever I felt bad I brought out my phone and typed in there. The first months in messages to Chris, to Catherine. Then to notes to her, things I could send her later. I don't really know if them were really for her or for me. 
Yesterday was, I think, when she told me that she went through her own notes. She read them and remember memories. Some happy, some sad. Some stated the time, the one in Tijuana and the one in Salamanca. And then she arrived to one, a special one. In it, she went on narrating her day, how she felt, her therapy, what her day was. All of it as if she were talking to me. When I knew I got a feeling in my stomach and sadness. 
I typed in my phone how it was a mistake and I should had stayed. I cried a little and then went out. I just sat in a corner, within myself just looking around, hearing, feeling the storm inside of me. 
In the way here I remembered about yesterday. What I talked with Andrea. How I feel about Monica. The text on the paper. I'm not going thru the breakup in ad functional way. I feel anger, almost rage. I feel hate. I'm not sure if I hate her or me. Was it her fault or mine? 
Who the fuck cares? 
We talked a little about it. "Maybe it's that you should have felt it a lot sooner? And that's why you think it's not 'right'?" 
But it's not. I don't mind the breakup, I don't care that much about losing her as my girlfriend. I hate her because I lost her as a friend. 
A lot of times she has asked me if I love her. If I miss her. 
I don't love her. 
Do I miss her? 
Months ago, I did. A lot. But now? Sometimes I open the phone or the laptop and expect her texts. I wait for them. Sometimes I do look for news about her. I want her to contact me. I wait for her, so whenever she does I could avoid her. And let her know I avoid her. 
I want to know that SHE misses me. I want her to need me, so I can deny her. I want to make her feel what she made me feel. 
I hated whenever I made her cry. I still remember the nights she cried because of me, I feel them like scars on me. Like tattoos that make me a monster. 
I forget the times she made me cry. They're the times I was weak. 
And now that I am weak I want her to feel weak and I to feel like a monster. 
Monsters aren't weak, they are scaring not afraid. They are evil, and harmful, but not the ones being hurt. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-23
Words:   756
Minutes: 28

I just woke up and don't want to. I want to go back. I'd prefer haven't needed to get up, just stayed with my eyes closed and my mind lost. I'm tired. My body aches, my soul hurts. 
We came home really early, by nine in the morning we were already out of the house and in our way. Jack in the box was the restaurant where we had breakfast. I wanted this, I wanted to be home early. Not losing my weekend. But I lost it anyway. 
I didn't make anything of the things I had to do. The sunday was lost. Even yesterday, too. My whole weekend. 
Even trying to find words to type is something not achievable. Every little thing in my is out of energy. 
I see the little counter down in the screen, going up one by one. Slowly, really slowly. And it still feels like it's faster than me. 
Sometimes I have the sensation of my thoughts shooting so fast inside of my head. Like speed trains in a station coming and going, not stopping even for passengers. No one knows which one goes where, from where they're coming and to where. You couldn't even count them. 
And now they are dragging. The station is empty. Not one is seen. And there it comes, you can see it far away, barely catching form. 
I don't know what do I expect. What is it that I want. I feel as if I were typing the same thing over and over. The same word again and again. Repeating my self. Every same train, going in circles, entering and exiting. 
Am I broken? 
Not even half of the text is done and I want to give up. 
I want to forget about this, stop again like I did years ago. 
Stop everything, give up everything. Not just the text, eating, sleeping going out. Just stop living. 
Do dead people get hurt? 
I miss her. 
I hate her, but I miss her, too. 
I was so afraid of losing one of my friends. One of them, and that's what happened. Was it something I did? Do I actually hate myself, blame myself? Was it all my fault? 
Does she feels the same? Does she misses me? Am I one the things she remembers? Am I something to be missed or a regret? 
Am I pathetic? 
The same fucking thing over and over. Someone should take my tongue away. 
I feel anger whenever I don't feel sadness. 
I know why I feel sadness. From to which do I feel anger? To whom is directed? 
Is the anger poisoning me? I want to scream but I don't have a fucking thing to say. Or some one who could listen. 
Sometimes I feel like the loneliest person in the world. Sometimes, like yesterday, the sight of other people makes me sick. 
I saw a picture of her. Standing against the back of her nephew, saying how big mr monkey was getting. Her smile was showing. That same smile. I read the words and I feel nauseous. Why do I have to write of her like a moronic teenager? It's not love I feel, I'm not infatuated with her stupid smile. Is a stupid, common smile. It does not have anything special. A pair of lips and some teeth thrown inside. Her hair, her face. She's not beautiful, she's not special. She was just my first. 
I don't want to fuck her. I don't miss her naked body or her hands on my body. I don't really miss the nights in my car sharing the darkness and listening to the radio. It's not like I miss the intimacy and the feeling of freedom of expression I had when I was with her. 
It's been more than to weeks, and I don't get why I keep counting the days. 
I feel like and addict keeping track. But what do I win? What happens when I get to a month? What do I win reaching to 100 days? 
How many more nights before I really forget her? How many for me to forgive her? How many more until I can stop needing her? 
I showed myself and she's gone. 
Is she gone or did I send her away? 
No. It's not my fault. I can let this became the same thing again. I won't blame myself for her mistakes. She was not this perfect angel. 
I'm not, and haven't been, the devil. 
Even if I feel like I'm burning inside. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-24
Words:   774
Minutes: 26

It was Christmas or around that time. One of those days of the season. I was in Mexicali in the house of my aunt and uncle. Nobody was outside anymore. The pool wasn't finished, I think. Everyone was inside waiting for midnight or watching a movie. I'm not sure if we were talking or the call took me by surprise. It was her. That I knew before I answered. Her voice was an expected pleasure. I can't remember how many days or weeks were since the last time we've seen each other. 
She wanted to talk, I took the call outside. She told me how she went to the United States. Barnes & Nobles was one of the places her parents took her. She had seen the perfect gift. She narrated it, as if it were something magical. How she saw it, how it was perfect. A little notebook, like the ones I love. She looked at it, held it in her arms. There was a drawing of the world in the cover, like an antique map. I had to have it. She had to buy. But she didn't. It was expensive, or her parents said no, or I don't know. 
It was the perfect christmas and farewell gift. It would have been. It wasn't. I received a journal, but it didn't have a world in the cover, and it wasn't from her. That was the perfect gift for me, that was the perfect farewell for me. 
I never forgot about that call, that journal. Why didn't she buy it? Was that the reason? 
I went to Spain and came back. We broke up and made up and broke up again. A lot changed. But that journal stayed the same as in my memory when I found it in that store. She was going to France. Christmas was coming up. Maybe it could be the perfect gift for someone, so I bought it. I always gave the perfect gifts, sometimes she would say. 
I just had to give it to her when we met. I'd give it to her as soon as I saw her. She could open it later. She had to have it with her in France, no matter what. 
But we didn't meet. We had plans, but they died. We made other ones, and they died, too. Not a single plan of meeting survived. 
She promised she wouldn't leave without us seeing each other. She would not leave without saying goodbye. Another promise she didn't keep. 
And she left. And the journal stayed, wrapped with a little note inside. For months it stayed with me, hidden, waiting to be given or thrown out. 
She went and came back. The days, the weeks keep passing by. 
We finally saw each other that friday. I had enough. I was angry. Parts of that anger are still within me, flowing in my veins like a poison that hasn't died nor killed. 
We exchanged some fake smiles, artificial hugs, a book, the journal and 15 minutes. And she went again. Those were the last words we said to each other. 
Just today I thought of breaking the silence. Crossing the ocean between. Maybe I've been unfair. Perhaps she's right, and I'm the one isolating, keeping her apart. 
I finished taking my clothes off and went to the computer and saw that map, that drawing of the world in the same familiar notebook. A doubt blazed through my mind burning. The tip poisoned with that sweet hate and anger. I wasn't sure. I hadn't open the wrap in months. But there it was that world. 
A birthday gift. The perfect gift Mallinalli wrote in her facebook status. I read both notes, the one from her and the one from Monica. She loved her and wished her the best. She would always love her much. And the world burned. And my mind screamed. 
She wouldn't do that. It had to be another. I still can't fully believe it. Three notebooks, three different gifts. The one she didn't buy for me, the one I did buy but didn't give and the one she gave. They can't be the same. I am the monster, not her. I am the devil. Her angel who fell. She wouldn't be capable. I'd prefer that she threw it out like I did with her blue bra. 
But that's a lie. A part of me wished that she did. I want those three notebooks to be the same. So I can still hate her. So I'd have a reason to feel anger. So she's the devil and I stopped feeling like a crying monster. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-25
Words:   766
Minutes: 36

"And you, do you have your dresses, yet?" 
She looked at us while smiling. It's funny because you wouldn't expect seeing me in the party wearing one. It's funny because I am a man, and men don't wear dresses. It wasn't funny. We didn't laugh. 
We were in the car yesterday, after returning from the cinema-cafe, in the same lot that we opened up. No, we have talked in both of them. Catherine said to me while looking to the roof she had thought about taking a second dress in her bag. Maybe you'd want to wear it after the party, when we've came back to the hotel. Just the two of us. 
I'd want to, or you'll want to? 
She didn't know. 
She did imagined us that way. Before, way before. She doesn't imagine me in a suit. I didn't remember how I looked. I remember how I felt. I remember her crying, going away and me staying. A lot of times we would walk away of everything and everyone and expect the other to follow us. She did follow me. I remember her sitting and being with me. 
I did a lot of remembering today. Maybe it's because of the situation. Seeing the generation, our class. 
When we left the school, driving down the boulevard Catherine was behind me and the memory of the hospital came back to me. 
I was driving and the phone rang. The tears were clouding my view. The lights were red. I picked up the phone and saw her picture and name. I was angry but not with her. I was sad but not because of her. I still threw to phone and kept driving. I looked at her in the rear-view mirror the same way I looked at her today when she was waving to the car behind both of us where Chevo and Jessica were. 
Why was I crying? 
I walked to the parking lot with a knot in my throat and water in my eyes and a voice screaming in my head. I can't remember the date. It was after a lot and before a lot. Everything was coming back and I felt lost again. Was I angry with me? 
In two days is their graduation. A day later will be the party. I feel anxious. In two days I might get my anti-suicide pills. If they are for me not to get depressed and wish to die, are they life-pills? 
Yesterday we saw a movie about memories. Loneliness was the protagonist. I cried. I've seen it several times and the first and last I've cried. It was my last and it was her first. The movie starts with a voiced letter to Chris. The depressive and judgmental ex-wife is called Catherine. Samantha it's the name of the OS. Theodore it's the avatar of myself. We saw it in the same place we saw another of my favorite movies. Mr Nobody. I'm mistaken. It was not. It was before the change of location. Chevo met us there. Do I cry with that movie, too? 
There hasn't been a day without me writing and entry. But this may be the first time I got distracted. Maybe it's the first step of procrastination. This may help me later. These could be entries of a journal. More days to pass to the physical notebooks. 
I haven't filled the last weeks in my calendar. I should ask Catherine for hers. As much as I get uncomfortable sometimes -like today when she arrived and walk to my back and whispered Sofi in my ear before hugging me, even though I like it, I don't- I like reading my name in her book. Reading how she picked her up at noon, and remembering her waiting outside my house in her car, and welcoming with a smile as I open the door and sit. It's me who she talks about. It's my name in her book, and in her key. It's my body and face in our pictures. But it's that person the owner of the name. Are all of us the same? Who is the one in the pictures, is that person the same everyone see when they see us together? If they're not the same, which of them am I? Which is the real one? 
And is the other one not real? Then what is it? she? he? 
Yesterday I saw my mother doing the dished and felt this, need, of hugging her, in silence. Let the silence share my pain and my secret. Would she listen? Would she understand? 
No.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-26
Words:   766
Minutes: 34

I woke up today with the same weird sensations that started when everything fell to ruins. The same strange feeling, not really a dream, but not something grounded to reality, that I had a couple days ago. I couldn't describe it to Catherine. I was, am, embarrassed. A feeling of desire, a wishful longing but for what? It didn't had words, it didn't had images. It was just, femininity, maybe? Just, seeing myself, or knowing, expecting something ordinary. Waiting for a routine I don't keep. Or one I do, but it's not normal. When I told her, she asked me, of images, dressing myself how? with what? And I couldn't answer. I can't. Then I just wanted it. Knew I had to wake up, get out of bed, pick the underwear, shave, get dressed and go to school. Something I do everyday, but not in that same way. I told her of taking both underwear pieces and clothes to the bathroom and putting on a dress. It wasn't exactly that, but it was just to give an example of something that would be easier to understand. 
I do shower everyday, I do wear two pieces of underwear almost daily now. Somehow it was different. Then it was something normal, expected. It wasn't hidden or I didn't want it to be. There was that, too. Even in then I totally comprehended that it wasn't something that other people would see as normal. I just didn't care. Maybe people would stare or ask questions. It wasn't an issue. My want was more important. It was something immense, powerful. It filled me and surrounded me. 
And I woke up, and of course I didn't wear a dress or a skirt or anything obvious. Maybe there was still the want that has always been. It wasn't as imposing or big. It was just there, hidden, itching, hurting, but in silence. 
I said, thought, week before. Why I wouldn't want to wear those clothes anymore. There's no point in the action. What's the purpose of disguising myself if everyone still recognizes me? Or the inverse, why should I show myself if everyone just sees me as a mask with a disguise. 
No one sees a difference. They see this me painted as that one. A mixture of colors that clashes in chaos. I'd prefer to abhor the feeling of looking as man, than the hurt of still looking like a man but in the wrong clothes. I'm familiar with that kind of pain. I'm used to it. 
No. That's a lie. I know it, and it is less. But I can't take it anymore. 
Anyway, that's the conclusion I arrived at then. Until today after that same nightly sensation that woke me up full of it. It wasn't something planned. I was going to wear the light skinny jeans. I was going to use one of Miguel's shirts. 
The sensation wasn't the thing that woke me up. Mother and Luis were. That's why I can't keep my eyes open. I got up before 8am just after they left. As the dream, I took the clothes out of  the drawers and closet: underpants, bra, undershirt, leggings, shirt. I didn't care of both kinds of pain. I wanted to use them. Catherine would come to pick me up at noon and take me to the Moroccan cafe. "I could be me" was a thought that stayed from the night. 
And I wore it and left the house like that. Again shaved as close as I could but not enough. Again I looked away from my own reflection as I escape from strangers' glare.  
Why did I do it? I was doubtful; she liked it, I liked it. Did I look alright? What thoughts crossed the strangers' minds as I passed by? 
Did they notice me? What do I prefer? 
I had to change clothes, I knew it since the beginning. I was not going to enter class like that. I told her: Psycholinguistics is the class in which it's more possible for me to go like that. Not today, not soon. 
I read the words I've written and I can't put a voice to them. They're mute. The have no meaning. It's the same narrative of every day. 
Today I imagined myself going tomorrow to Rene. I told him once how I imagined what would happen if I didn't say a word and just spent all my hour crying. And I saw myself, all face wet with tears. 
Today I imagined myself like that, except that instead of crying I would just scream. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-27
Words:   752
Minutes: 25

Half a pill daily for the next three days, after that I can take the whole pill once every morning.
The towels weren't dry yesterday when I was going to put my pants in the drying machine. I switch them when I got out of bed late at night after I couldn't fell asleep. 6 hours, maybe, was the time I slept. I had an alarm at seven in the morning and another at eight. The meeting with Rene was going to be at ten. I wanted to shave, and do it well. They woke me up again. Their screams did. It's like every morning the have to be just loud enough for me to wake up. No, not today. Today I woke up before that. It was earlier, and I turned off the first alarm. When the second played, I turned it off, too and blinked. When I opened my eyes, ten minutes had passed. 
Yesterday night Catherine asked me to wake her up. I forgot. Again I was disappointed with how I ended after shaving. It pains me, literally and figuratively, doing it everyday, but it's worse to not do it. I want to scratch the whole skin off. 
I put on the clothes I selected yesterday and tied my hair up. 
Rene arrived after me. I thought he had forgotten the pills, but he didn't. I don't really remember what I said to him. 
Maybe something about tonight and tomorrow. Maybe about March and my graduation. 
I'll take half a pill for a couple of days, and the whole pill daily after. He gave me like six boxes of them in a plastic bag. 
I met Catherine in the children hospital. We waited an hour maybe for the class. A couple of our classmates were arriving later, one by one. Gabriela, one of our, now, generation, asked us something about or social services. We started talking about that and our time at the mental hospital. After that we talked about or time abroad. There were several of them around us, listening what we were saying, asking questions. They were listening to what I was saying. I was the one who talked the most. Do I like to talk to the people? I like telling this. Narrating them from start to finish. When someone starts telling something I experienced, too, I worry that he or she will ruin it. It won't be the same. Maybe he'll miss something important or she won't say that first to make the later thing sound mire impressing. 
Maybe I like being in the center of the conversation. Just as I told her I liked being noticed. Maybe that's the part of me that hopes, even if it scares me, that someone will notice and ask. Being Chevo and Jessica of the band of my underwear that can be felt when they hugged me or my parents about the pair of leggings that were now on my bed after I left the in the drying machine. 
We drank tea and ate, I burritos and she chicken salad. We waited looking for spanish recipes until we could enter and observe the neuropsychological consultation. 
After that we went to the university. It was good time. We ended up seated in a good place. It was weird, even now, telling it myself, I can identify what was it exactly that I felt. Even in this moment I don't really now what am I feeling. 
We are not part of that class. The godparents are not our own. We're not in the speech. We're not with them even though we were. 
In a couple of months we won't be part of that class either. Why should I go? We won't even be seated together. I'll have to walk when they call up that name and pick up a paper that means nothing to me. I'll have to be in pictures I won't want to look later. 
Tomorrow it's the party, their party. We'll be guests. I'll be in a suit the whole night. No, not the whole night. Catherine told me later, after the car, why she really offered her dress. It wasn't because I'd maybe want it. It was because she did. She wanted, even for while and just us, to look at me, at us, and feel like she imagined it. Like she thinks of us. Even though we can't be that way in the party. I told Rene it's not something I want. 
Maybe it is. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-28
Words:   23
Minutes: 0

I don't think I can make it today. Today is already tomorrow. I'll be out until saturday. I don't know how I'll feel. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-29
Words:   821
Minutes: 34

Yesterday was their graduation. I don't have the energy to write about the whole thing. A lot of things happened, so that's not the reason. It's that I don't want to. I know I wrote yesterday before going to bed. The next morning after sleeping just a couple of hours, I woke up and showered and shaved. Part of me liked the idea of being in a hotel after the party dressed as we both imagined should have been. I was going to write that I took the pill. It wasn't after showering. It was the first thing I did. I cut it in half and swallowed the part. 
All morning until it was time to leave I felt the same. Maybe there wouldn't be any side effects. Catherine messaged me that her mom hadn't returned. I offered to pick her up. It was early and the class wouldn't start until 1. 
The effects didn't kick in until we were driving to school. I gripped the wheel and felt rage. I was speeding. My eyes narrowed. I was maybe going 110 when she called my name. I slowed down. I don't remember what was it that happened next. Maybe I drove slower than normal. She turned down the volume of the radio and asked me what was going on. I shook my head. 
I started getting agitation and headaches. I didn't volunteered to the practical class of Thanatology. I just criticized, like I always do. 
Everything went to shit. 
The class ended and we drove. The hotel was expensive so we went to the purple one. She asked for the room and prices. It was more expensive than what we thought the other one would be, but it was reasonable. We climbed the three flights of stairs to our room hidden in the dark end corner of the corridor. It was smaller than our usual ones, but it was for the whole night. We left the clothes and lay down on the bed. 
We started changing and putting on the clothes. At first I felt normal, it wasn't that I liked it, but it was nothing. I looked at myself and could see that I looked somewhat good. The tie we didn't like so I left it. The coat didn't close right so I left it open. Maybe even from the beginning I saw it didn't fit. 
Catherine would drive my car so I could drink carelessly. After the morning I didn't want to be in front of the wheel. My head continued throbbing and my arm sometimes trembled. The car started failing halfway. At first I just told her to not accelerate. Later, that wasn't enough. We changed places. By the time we were near the 5&10 I called home to ask for swapping the cars. 
We passed the place and went to my house. I almost got lost returning. I felt that same anger and frustration but we arrived soon enough. We saw Jessica, then Paola and finally Eusebio. They took pictures. I smiled for them. I didn't feel well. It was hard, and painful. Esebio looked good, his suit fit. He was happy, Jessica as well. The food had cheese. The drinks did more harm than good. They went to dance and we stayed. She stayed with me. She answered when people asked if we didn't dance, or why we were not there. She had told me we could go if I didn't feel right. When Chevo came to tell us to stand up and go, I couldn't take it anymore. We left without saying good-bye. I felt guilty but I didn't want to give excuses or had to explain myself. 
I drove back to the hotel and ask for the room. I mumbled and said the wrong number, but when Catherine corrected me, the woman looked at me with scorn and said "I didn't hear a word you said". Painfully I repeated myself louder. 
We climbed the same number of stairs. And I took my clothes in the opposite order I putted them on and with the opposite emotion. 
I told her I felt guilty, I was and acted like Anahi. Anahi had the decency to not go. What was I thinking? I saw everyone happy and dressed beautifully. I felt miserable and ugly. In my eyes I was miserable and ugly. And broken. Sick. 
I send them a message telling them I didn't feel right and saying I was sorry. 
I broke down crying in the night. She hugged me. Later in the night her hug turned in me kissing her cheeck. Then I went for her lips and then we had sex. In the shower I felt sick. My head hurt and my sight was blurry and the light hurt my eyes. 
She held my as I fell asleep so I didn't get lost in my fears and sadness and ended wandering in my nightmares. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-30
Words:   752
Minutes: 32

Today was another one of those days. I haven't showered. I didn't shave. I avoid the reflection in the mirror. Most of the day was spent on my bed. 
I can't remember when exactly I woke up. The first time was maybe at 8 in the morning when I received her answer of the question I asked before falling asleep. I returned back to slumber and didn't open my eyes again until almost noon. I swallowed the pill and had breakfast. Not much time later I came back to bed. 3 in the afternoon I got up again... My grandmother just entered the room and walked all the way to here to wish me a good night. 
Why do I feel angry with her? What has she done to me? 
She offered me food today and I ignored her. I blamed the depression before. Irritability as one of the symptoms. Is it really that?
I feel as if she will hate me. She will deny me. Why should I care for her if she will hurt me? She hasn't done anything, but in my mind is just a matter of time. 
When my father saw me and asked why was I dressed like that, with a face full of doubt and a glimpse of repulsion, I told Rene: I expected to feel bad. It was something that I feared, that I knew would make me sad. It didn't. Why would I care? Everyone will reject me in the end, what difference does another person make?
Today was my third day. Sundays are some of my lowest days. From what I feel, what comes from the pills and what comes from me? 
Now I do feel sick. Before I had doubt, I didn't deserve the diagnosis, my problems were less, insignificant, imaginary. Even after Rene, even after he acknowledge them. That didn't matter, I just convinced him, the same way I convinced myself. 
Even after he mentioned the pills. What if they don't have any effect on me? Maybe my problems would go away naturally and the pills are something not necessary. I would waste them in me. 
After the first one, while I dressed myself and prepared, I kept thinking how I felt the same. 
But now, three days later and after a weekend and I do feel the difference. I feel worse. He warned me of this period where I should expect secondary effects. Cabrales taught how when initiating a treatment the first weeks you feel even worse than before. 
How ironic that the first days after treating it I am finally sure of what I can't do, of how broken I am. 

I feel sadness and anger. Are they the same? Are they muted or covered in a veil? Or are they naked and potent? 
The first sessions Rene said to me how I was anesthetized emotionally and numb behaviorally. Being shelled in my own emotions is something that I've always done. Twenty years of repressed emotions broke up, erupted and burned me. I am melted. I am disfigured. What am I? 

What the fuck am I? Who am I? 

Will I know eventually? I knew, I've always known that antidepressants won't take that away. "Maybe they will make you see things clearly", he said. Will they, really? 
Are dreams a lie if they don't come true, or are they something worse? 

Whenever I see the notification of one of her messages a little picture pops up. I see her and something inside me burns. I'm relieved that she still knows I exist and I feel a sudden burst of anger. I see Catherine as her name, and the fire dies off, but leave me burned. 

I asked her to change her picture. She did, but I don't know how long will it take for the little lying square to change. 
She put one from the party. One in her dress and her two hands raised at the height of her face. She smiles because she's happy. 
But she wasn't. She talked about that with Jessica yesterday. She explained what happen the first five minutes and they talked the next hour. They're closer now. I am isolated. It's normal now for me to go without saying good-bye. It's expected. 
I am the ugly and broken doll. The crying little toy. 
Catherine cares for me. She shouldn't. I shouldn't let her. Maybe she'll get tired. Maybe she'll go eventually. 
Monica did. 
She's not Monica, even though their pictures looked the same. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-08-31
Words:   753
Minutes: 27

Yesterday I looked for her again. Instagram was the app that I told her I've downloaded when she called me a faggot. That same app she downloaded herself weeks later when we no longer talked. I searched for her and found her. It was no longer just one picture. There were two more. One of them, the last one, was an opened and empty wrapper of a chocolate candy. The description said "I can't get no satisfaction". The one before was a self-taken picture of herself in front of the mirror. She was dressed with sports clothes, just before or after coming back from running. She was wearing shorts or leggings, either I couldn't tell or I can't remember, and a pink sports bra. She was holding her cell-phone. I can't remember if she was smiling either. I do remember she had 12 "likes". More than any photo I've posted, even though I supposedly have the double of people following me. 
What does it matter? 
I decided today to delete my facebook. I did. I've given it some thought before but never actually do it. Now I had nothing to lose. I hate seeing her, I absolutely hate having the impulse to look for her. I hate seeing everyone's pictures and absolutely hate everyone's pictures of me. 
Catherine told me to open Twitter again. I logged in, and opened everything up. 15 followers. 15 people interested in what I have to say. Why would I write my thoughts if no one listened? I told her. I feel like screaming from the top of a mountain and there's not single person listening. 
So there. I did it. It's disabled. I can come back anytime and open it again. Paola did it herself every summer. Chevo just did it last month. I got angry with him for doing the exact thing I did today. One from the handful of people with whom I talk goes from the only place we interact. That just shows how much he cared. 
No one cares. How many people will notice my absence? Until when? 
I worry that Monica would get the wrong impression. She may looked for me and find an empty page, a void username, an error in the conversation. She may think I deleted her. I blocked her because I'm angry, because I care for her and miss her. How would she talk to me now? 
That's bullshit. She doesn't care. She won't notice because she's not me. She does not look for me in instagram and see my pictures and likes. She does not open our conversation and count the days since we last spoke. She does not miss me. She does not care what do I think. She's moved on and I'm back there in that same place. 
Will Chevo or Jessica be the ones who notice? Maybe Anahi. 
Who knows, perhaps Melissa will want to talk to me and won't find me. I wonder. And I get lost in the thought. I do notice the parallelism, the simile. These are the same thoughts of suicidal ideation. Who, indeed, will notice or care, and for how long, my absence? 
I looked about the paradox initiation of antidepressive treatment. Why do I feel worse instead of better. I knew it's normal, but I needed the confirmation. From 2 to 12 weeks until the start of the effects. 
I feel anxiety and headaches. I feel tired and numb. I feel bad. 
I talk with Catherine in Skype. "Tell her, that I miss our little talks". I am the one she's talking about. She wrote it when I was in Spain. I never noticed or did I? 
Sometimes I get the impulse to open Facebook. Look at the news. Something, anything. It's not like a look for something specific, or care about anyone in particular. It just helps me to feel less alone. But they're not with me, they don't look for me. They don't notice me or my absence. I am alone. 
She left. She who promised me love, left. Everyone but Catherine from the seven, left. We are two, now. From a group, a full generation, there's two of us. Will she leave, too? 
To whom do I go for consolation when she leaves me? Whose shoulder do I grasp and wet when she tells me she doesn't love me? 
What will I have left but my own reflection in the mirror in an empty and silent house? Just us. Even though we hate each other. 

