------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, June 2nd, 2024
Date: 2024-06-02
Num Words: 819
Num Minutes: 72

"Sofía, have you ever been in a toxic relationship?"

"In my relationships, I've been the toxic one."

The new pills have made me sleep. Practically, I've been sleeping the whole weekend.

Thursday I took the first dose and went to bed at around 22h. I didn't wake up until 14h. I stayed home and did not go to the office. I can't remember if I did any work.

I did. I finished the submission for the HVR paper. Probably next week we'll get the notification that it was rejected by the editors for not being novel enough; because I am not good enough.

I had told Aliza and Walter that I was going to skip out the plans of going to the coffee expo. I realized that spending around 30 dollars to be offered the opportunity to spend even more money buying coffee that I would let go stale was not financially reasonable, specially when my checking account didn't have enough funds for the upcoming rent cheque.

Aliza offered me to lend me the money for the entrance if I was really interested. I thought that it would be a good experience so I hesitated about changing my mind. I tried buying the entrance tickets a couple of days before, but the only option for a single day entrance had vendredi on its name. I thought that I could just buy mine at the door.

After my long nights, I warned them both that I would do my best to get out of bed, but I might not be able to make it.

I woke up before the alarm that I had set with ample time to shower and get to the SAT by noon. It still was impossible for me to gather the will to move. I closed my eyes again and continued sleeping until 13h.

I texted with Aliza and we agreed that I could meet with them after the expo and grab something to eat.

I made a stop at McDonald's in Place des arts and got myself a large iced coffee. I sat down on a chair by l'esplanade tranquille. I sent my location to Aliza before I closed my eyes and got lost in the music playing from my iPod.

Besides Walter and his girlfriend, Aliza was with two other women. The blonde one was german, the brunette was María José; she was from Costa Rica.

We ate at Pizzeria N° 9000.

Afterwards, they went for a cone of ice cream and I got myself a second coffee.

Illiana—was that her name?—left before they made their stop at the ice cream place.

We wandered a bit around the are while they ate.

The original plan was to go to Aliza's house and start our rewatch of House of the Dragon. Walter and Seunghwa remained seated in the metro when the rest of us got off at De L'Eglise. Seunghwa had a long shift the next day, so they went home.

At Aliza's couch we talked and talked. The internet was not working so we got distracted by gossip and drama about past relationships. When the internet finally worked and the the intro of the TV show was set and ready to be played, we continued our sharing of stories. We spent the whole evening drowned in conversations.

Time passed us by. At around 22h, I started checking the prices of Uber instead of the next departure of the 108 bus. I didn't mind spending some money if that meant getting to my house earlier. The night before I had been reading about the bad experiences of people skipping a dose of Seroquel. They talked about nause and vomiting. How most of them had only skipped a dose once.

When I was ready to leave, the prices of Uber almoust doubled. I decided to catch the next 108 bus that was coming in the next 5 minutes. I said my good-byes, left the building and walked towards the stop. I almost missed the bus, but the driver marked the lights and slowly stopped for me after the intersection.

I made it home a handful of minutes past 1h. The first thing I did after taking my shoes off was going into my bedroom and swallowing the pill.

I had troubles falling asleep. Since the bus I had a mild headache and my stomach felt uneasy. My legs were throbbing. I did not feel the somnolence that 20 minutes ago when I took today's pill made me consider going to bed and leaving the narration of the day incomplete. At around 2h30, I went to the restroom and took an Advil. When it kicked in around half an hour after, I could finally sleep.

Today I got up around noon. The day was empty and unmotivated.

"So, I assume no head rubs, then" I double-texted Pam, unsure of what I expected to get out of i

