------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-01
Words:   774
Minutes: 106

"Let me know if you want to do something again."

...

I should try to connet my headphones to the laptop. I know I will be able to, there shouldn't be any problem, yet I don't really want to. 

I'm sitting in the dinning table with the laptop. I'm waiting for Alda to get in and maybe she could ask me about my date. She sent me a message after I mentioned her that I had a headache so I wouldn't follow my own idea of asking MarieLine if she wanted to change the coffees for beers. 
She told me to let her know it would go. 

What do I want to tell her? 

I mean, about the date. I do have something I want to tell her, but I keep hesitating and every day I doubt more and more that I will eventually do it. 

Last night we went to cafe cleopatra. This time we arrived on time and so we got to pretty good seats. They weren't the best, but the view was great. I didn't take any pictures or video. I don't know why, but I had this sensation that as soon as I would, the performers would stop their act, turn to me, and ask me firmly to stop recording. It felt like I was invading their privacy. 

_Sorry that I let you down, but I didn't take any photos or videos of the show. I can make it up to you in some other way, if you want_. 

Sonny just asked me where I was. I sent her a picture of me eating chips, and when she shot the question again asking me where I **was**, I evaded with the answer of _going for chips_. 

Then, without any need, I told her that I had gone out. But probably wouldn't hear from her again, so she would both know what I was refering to and have the consolation that nothing happened nor would. 

Will the quebecoise girl do it, though? Let me be forgotten as a one date thing? This is another entry into my long list of first dates. 

Monica seems to think that I am bi. 

"Cree? porque yo lo sé," replied Sonny when I told her. Am I, though? I mean, I almost wanted to kiss Pascal, Francisco's friend from around here. Every man that I kissed I didn't really enjoy it. Then again, when I was kisisng Sofia and Ytzel, it was fun and all, but it wasn't that special either. 

I just sent the message that I wrote to Vicky but didn't send to Monica. I worry that it could be read as flirty or maybe even creepy. It probably does. I won't send it. Monica will soon agree. 

I got a message from MarieLine last night when I was at Cafe Cleopatra. Isn't that what I wanted, that kind of attention? Maybe she was just trying to agree on today. 

Before that I was showing Alda the conversation with Kate. She didn't know why she would be lying about it. She agreed that maybe she likes the attention. Today, as I was telling Monica, I said how I can clearly see she's leading me on, but maybe I like the attention, too. 

I didn't do anything productive today. No progress whatsoever.

I sent the first message to the quebecoise woman, and she replied to me fairly quickly during her lunch break. We agreed to meet on Cafe Parvis at 6 pm. 

I got there 5 minutes earlier and waited for her. The conversation was nice. She remembered stuff from my profile in the app and made questions accordingly. Again, I said I had a brother and a sister. She has a twin sister. She studied geography, has a master's and has lived all over the place. South America, Africa. She's visited Mexico and Europe. She's franco-canadiene from here. 

I told Alda, like all the rest, that I liked her fine, but wouldn't be too hurt if we didn't go out again. 

"Oh that means you're not interested."

I guess I am not. 

Even know, instead of thinking about where we could go next, I keep coming back to the thought about when would be the appropriate time to send another message to Kate. 

I hate it, I hate it so much. 

MarieLine is older than me, she's looking for something serious and stable. She was the first to send a message and looked me up last night. 

Then again, if I were into her as much as the french girl, it would hurt way more when I eventually won't hear from her again. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-02
Words:   750
Minutes: 106



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-03
Words:   777
Minutes: 0

[Yesterday's words given website's problems.]

"Te sigue dando largas bien cabrones; y tú bien _simp_ de 'porfis ghosteame'"

"You're very pushy, too. It freaks people out. Si fuera yo diría 'que
insistente, que hueva...'"

...

The saddest thing is that I went to sleep last night with a smile in my face
and even my sheets smelled fresh and sweet. Nothing changed between then and
the morning. Now I'm feeling more blue than these past few days.

They are not wrong. They never were. Why is it so hard for me to notice these
kind of things?

What would MarieLine have said if she **didn't** really want to meet again?
I keep thinking back to it, and probably it would have been the same thing.

Kate was the one that used the phrase that I said last night. But I sent her
the message almost immediately. Am I really this famished for attention?

Will I hear from her again? Deep down I have this familiar idea that if I
don't say or send anything, she'll just disappear.
Even Sonny did when I didn't follow up the first time we talked.

Today I saw another french girl in Bumble. I had matched with her on the other
app, so I decided to send her a message. What could I lose?

She replied back fairly quickly as well. Why didn't the first ones then?
It wasn't then something with the app. We kept talking and chatting in the
morning. She's a data engineer working at a bank. She's french and canadian.
She grew up the first years of her life in a village close to Paris.

This time I was more confident and less attached.

At noon I closed the conversation telling her that I had enjoyed it,
but, then, I had to go back to my work. I left her with the
open invitation to hit me up later to continue chatting or maybe even
meet sometime.

She replied back instantly that she would.
Do I understand french, though?
She has no problem writing in English, but speaking is another issue.

I lied in french telling her that because her accent, I assume, is french,
I might find it easier.

We kept talking after my meeting with Louis for a little bit, but neither of
use made no mention of meeting soon. Maybe we won't. We probably won't.

I sent a message to Eliseo asking him if he'd be free tonight.
Last night I sent him a message for some reason and he brought up having
another call. He was at work, though.

I feel down. I feel that I'll keep meeting and repulsing people all over again.
I'm the girl of the thousand first dates.

Steph replied me just now with an even longer message.

...

With Louis, once again, I talked about work and made some questions that
would hide the real progress that I haven't made. He must be realizing now how
I'm faking it. I'm sure he does. How could he not?

Anka sent an e-mail today about how she reserved a hall for the meetings
of the lab for next year. The first one will be the 10th.

I will probably need to purchase my return flight before that date.

Last night Kate gave me a date. That was what Armando had said, _when someone's
interested in you and can't meet, the less they do is give you another option_.

After the 13th she'll be finished with her tests, she'll have time to see me more.

More?

I thought I was being flirty and charming, but I probably came off too strong,
again, and repulsive.

_Eres feo, acéptalo, tío_.

MarieLine looked at her phone and was surprised by the time.
The date was just two hours. Maybe she thought it would be way later.
No, she made a mention how of course she would be hungry.

She brought back the bit of info in my profile about my social skills.
That was after I confessed to her that I hadn't actually understood what the waitress
had told me in French.

I won't hear from her again. Alda told me that I wasn't probbaly that interested.

Why am I hurt, then?

I deleted Kate's conversation.

I wanted to remember who had sent the last messages, but it was me.
It's always me. The last, again, went unanswered. No, I answered her question
and that was it.

She said she would think about meeting that Friday before my departure.
Of course she wanted to see me before I leave. **Of course**.

She would do her best.

I'll probably never see her again in my life.


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-04
Words:   833
Minutes: 20

"Alors, est-ce que tu veux qu-on se rencontre bientot? J'ai besoin de pratiquer mon francais; and Duolingo doesn't have a module on french kissing" 

_So, how was your book event? [...] I feel a little conflicted. I want to see you very much, but I'm also a bit afraid that I've been coming off as too pushy. I worry that you're too nice with me and just don't know how to tell me 'no'._

...

Like yesterday, this morning when I woke up I saw in my phone two unexpected notifications. Last morning, after I had deleted Kate's conversation, she came back replying to my last messages about my trip to Mexico. She ended with a question asking me if I was going to keep using the same number for whatsapp. Does that mean she intends to keep in touch? Why is it so hard to take her at face value with her statement that she does want to see me before I leave? 

Anahi, like Alda, doesn't really believe she's just blowing me off. After Alda saw that last message she commented how she does want to see me, albeit with a warning that she might be leading me on. 

In any case, I replied back with three too long text messages that, again, have gone unreplied. And, again, too, I have deleted the conversation trying to appease myself with the fantasy that if I don't see the messages I can fool myself into believing that they never happened.

Last night, in a desperate try to distract myself I looked up the last french girl. I sent her a message asking her what was she up to this weekend. She replied in the same way that I replied to the canadian girl, MarieLine. She was at a Karaoke, so she apologized beforehand if she couldn't reply to me that much. I asked her about her song plans. She said she sings like an 8 year old. That could be the cutest or the most hilarious thing ever, and as such I told her —later this morning, I would confess to her how I have the opposite problem with my voice being the one of an adult man. 
I told her that maybe today I'd be going out with my roommates. We didn't, though. We probably won't. 

Armando told me how he wasn't feeling like going out, specially because of the cold. Perhaps he'd be up to doing something here, in the apartment. I sent a message to the group asking them, but no one have replied. The phone just beeped when I was typing the last paragraph. It could be one of them cancelling.

"Well, have fun then...", said Alix ending the conversation. And with that, I closed it.

This morning she picked it up to let me know how it was fun until it wasn't. 

Just like me with the rest of my first dates, I suppose.

...

A couple of nights ago I had a videchat with Eliseo. I told him about my change of heart with the last —then— messages from Kate. I confessed to him how I had been too pushy and needy. _What is wrong with me?_ I asked him without exactly saying it. 

He looked at me with sympathy and told me how he doesn't believe it. I'm just so vulnerable right now and going through something, that it might look like that. Perhaps it's not the right moment for me to be looking out for this kind of encounters. His words felt warm in my chest and pushed out some tears that I had been keeping for a couple of days.

After enjoying his conversation, I suggested to Sonny to have a videochat of our own. After the teams meeting with the lab, they'd be turning off the computers until Monday and because of that I would have the perfect reason to give myself a break during the weekend. I went to the depanneur to get myself some alcohol and chips. 

We talked about her dates and mine. She told me how she'd be going out with someone, someone with whom she might try it out. They're this non-binary person, but she didn't make no mention of it to me. I was sincerely excited for her. There was a bit of nervousness within me that I'd fooled myself into believing I'm actually OK with this. Later, when I saw Sonny's story I didn't feel nothing at first. Then I felt relieved that they were less attractive to me *in my own eyes*.

Monica went out with Leonel yesterday, too. Would Catherine, perhaps, be going out on a date of her own? Anahi told me that she didn't. 

This morning Monica told me he took her to his house and they kissed and kissed and kissed. She didn't let him go further because she hadn't shaved.

Instead of jeolousy, I was worried that Monica's message would awake envy in me. I'm not sure if they did. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-05
Words:   760
Minutes: 33

"I'm thinking of you"

"You sound stupid and you're not stupid. Because you'll keep sending her _risky_ messages because you'll _never going to see her, anyway_ and then she'll either block you or she'll write something nasty about how sick she's of you and block you and you'll end up hurt.

"Mandas mensaje ebria y te awitas _over and over_. Las que te encuentran atractiva las mandas lejos: Alice, la medio-oriental [...] Justo ahorita me haces pensar que tal vez [...] Creo que tu tienes un type porque *Tú* quieres ser ese type. You want to look like them."

...

The last time I got this drunk and high, I ended up being blocked by the first french girl. I have the opportunity of setting up a meeting with one and recieved yer another void promise of meeting to other one. I was sincere when I told Monica how, when Kate replied to me again without being obviously freaked out, instead of feeling cheerful, I was melancholicly disappointed. 

We didn't order food but I drank with them. We had fun, or at least I did. They didn't as much as I did. Alda had only one drink and Armando maybe two. I had two cans of cooler and almost a bottle of rosé. I smoked with Alda outside a full joint and half of another one. Once during the night I specifically told them to keep my phone from me because I was aware of the urge to send something that would surely ruin every possible chance of all the girls with whom I had been chatting. 

I sent a corny and stupid message to the chinese girl. 

I invited playfully to practice my french with Alix, the third french girl. I didn't want her to reply to me last night. I don't think I wanted her to reply me at all. 

In her first reply she switched to french, given I had just told her I wanted to practice. She said we could, and both asked me what I was expecting from the app and warned me that she wasn't ready to do anything sex-related. She wasn't closed to the idea, but no. 

In the humourous mood of the night, Alda told me to ask her how to say friendzone in French. This morning Monica's comments about it made me regret it and feel disgusted with myself. The french woman answered me and then repeated how that wasn't really the case, she wasn't close to the idea and if it happened, all the best, but it wasn't her goal. 

I didn't reply back after that and kept drinking and chatting. An hour later, maybe, she sent another text in english asking me, if she hadn't made me run away, what plans I had if we were to go out? 

Alda and Armando, with our very beginner's french read her as changing her mind and actually being interested. Monica, who's way more experienced, saw it as she rejecting me. Why would she want to go out in that case? I deleted the match of Pascale without replying. I didn't tell them vague promises of meeting them soon. 

At 1 am Armando went to his room and I got very conscious about how drunk I really was. At one point in the night I told them how I had trans friends that do use grindr. Now they must suspect about me. 

Alda suggested me to send a 'fuckboi' message to Kate. She hadn't say anything about my last messages and now actually seeing her again seems like a childish hope, so I agreed. I deserve to be blocked. That's the consequence of foolishly getting my hopes up.

She didn't block me. Instead she viewed and replied to each one of my messages, quoting them as if she knew that I had deleted the conversation and made me the favour of showing them back again. 

The first ones had exclamation marks and emojis. Again, she told me that, yes, with pleasure would she like to look me up and, or, receive picture of Mexico's beach. Maybe she was replying to the messages as she was reading them. The last message she sent, where she was quoting the one I had sent just hours before at 1:40 am, didn't have any excitement or emotion. 

It started with a lie and then continued with the same empty promise. 

"Me too. I'm going to tell you as soon as I can, for if we can find a time to see each other before you leave." 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-06
Words:   752
Minutes: 22

_Sofia vraiment aime le pain français._

_Quel pain français? #1, 2, 3_

...

I'm home from the lab. The apartment is empty. I left in the morning shortly after Armando. On my way there he sent me a message warning me to be careful with the grey ice. I haven't fallen once in the almost whole year that I've been here. I should walk with my hands out of my pockets. 

I have taken my lenses out. We were supposed to go see Dune in theaters today, but the plans were cancelled in the end. Tomorrow I'll see Calli. I guess I won't waste my lenses. I don't plan to go back to the lab. Alda suggested we could see it tomorrow, maybe here in the apartment to not spend more money. Last night, while I was fantasizing about what I could say to Kate after she answers back, I thought about her projector. Perhaps I could invite her to come over and watch something. 

She hasn't replied back. Probably tomorrow, if she does. I wouldn't blame her if I won't hear from her again. Monica's right. I'll freak her out soon if she's not lost interest already. 

Yesterday I sent three messages, the first one was a summary of responses to her first batch of replies. The second one was the most pathetic one. I questioned her _me too_, and then asked her —if not begged— to go on with her offer of finding a time to meet. I finished the text with a clumsy attempt of doing what Monica suggested, crossing the line into what explicitly Armando told me not to do: a passive and indirect statement about how I sometimes worry that she's just being too nice. 

The last one was a shitty attempt to continue the conversation asking her how her book event went.

I'm feeling worse and worse with this conversation. I lost count of how many times I went in there to check if she had replied back. Archiving the conversation is useless now. When I got home, I deleted it again. This is the third time that I do it.

I had a match with yet another woman on Her. She even started the conversation. Even though I wanted to ignore her, I didn't. I replied to her message thinking about the frustration of not getting anything when I try to start the conversation. She didn't continue it and I let it die. 

I haven't taken the offer of the third french girl about meeting at the bar she suggested with a jukebox. Maybe what I am feeling right now about her is what the second one feels about going out with me. 

What will I tell Calli tomorrow? I could tell her about Eliseo's conversation and understanding. Armando and Monica's comments hurt me. I don't know how to read people. I studied psychology and I feel lost wandering through first dates and unreplied messages. All of the people I show the messages have different readings about Kate. How am I supposed to know what's going on? 

Ask her, I guess.

I wondered about telling Alda finally. Don't mess around the issue or lose time with related questions, just say it. The questions and explanations would come after. They would surely come later. I wanted to tell her before I'd meet Calli tomorrow. I won't see her until next year, after I come back from Mexico. 

I grabbed my phone and for a minute was surprised to see the notifications on the screen, but they were Monica's. She laughed at the picture I sent her of the whiteboard in the fridge. After sending it, I worried that she would correct our french grammar. In the morning, I told her that I haven't forgotten about how she hasn't told me about her date. 

Deep down I wish she'd have some drama so I wouldn't feel like I take over the conversation with my issues. To whom haven't I talked with this french girl with *whom I've gone on only one date*? 

That's not fair. We've been texting for a month. This is the longer I've been with talking with anyone that I've dated. The only other girl with longer _history_ would be Molly, but ironically, I didn't even go out with her. I didn't even talk with her afterwards, everything's been in my head and interactions with other people. 

She probably doesn't even think of me. 

"I'm thinking of you", I confessed. 

Why would she lie?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-07
Words:   770
Minutes: 28

"Hoy sí me caí"
...

Calli suggested today, after noticing how, once again, I feel stuck in the middle between two opposing forces, that I could imagine how it would be to actually move in any direction, it doesn't matter how little, write it down somewhere and let me know that it's OK to do whatever that action is and feel whatever feelings come with it. That is how we ended our last session of the year. We're not seeing each other until I return from Mexico. 

I browsed the flights and realized that now most of them have long and tedious layovers. It will be very hard taking into consideration the now testing requirements. I sent a message to my mum that I'll be buying the tickets soon. I probably should do that today. 

I sent Sonny a message admiting that I'm not feeling very good at the moment. I've given up entirely the idea of actually doing something productive for the rest of the day. I can fool myself into thinking that the bug I caught yesterday would take me easily a full day before fixing it, and thus, have an appropriate excuse for the work that I won't do today. I asked Sonny if it was OK for me to start drinking right now. Last night I went to the depanneur in the freezing rain to get myself a bottle of wine. There's still half of it left. I told her I'd wait fifteen minutes until 5 in the afternoon. I'll break my own promise.

...

I like talking about the french girls because mentioning them makes them real. The drunk message I sent in the middle of the night got a reply, her last. It didn't make me feel what I would have expected. It's not true. That wasn't her last. I sent her a message in response to one of her stories in IG. She immediately started typing a response. _I answer either immediately or take forever_. She warned me after the first time I asked her out. 

I grabbed my phone and, instead of deleting her contact or blocking her like Calli suggested in her example, I just disabled the _last seen_ feature of whatsapp. That may dissuade me from opening her contact compulsively to see if she has gotten in recently. 

I shared with Calli how I hate how much I still think of her. It's pathetic the amount of thoughts I spend on women that literally most likely forget my existence. I panicked the moment I saw the brazillian girl walking downtown, when, in reality, were she to see me she most probably wouldn't have even recognized me. 

Is it impossible for her to reject me because of _cis-guilt_? Monica disagrees. 

I sent a reply to Alix, the following french woman. The conversation died on her end. I should leave it like that. Perhaps Kate doesn't suggest a time to meet because she's hoping to meet someone more interesting or attractive than me. Maybe it's not that she's avoiding my messages but she literally forgets about them. What would make me feel worse? 

I could work right now on Calli's assignment. On one way I could delete her contact. Blocking her would be too much. I'd be doing exactly what Flore did. I mean, not exactly, but pretty close. The right thing would be to be direct and tell her that I am annoyed by the mixed signals and I would be deleting her. I clearly don't want to do that.

The other option is the message that I wrote down in the notepad of my phone as a draft. Another direct message sharing what I really feel. "Honestly, I am starting to regret not asking to kiss you when we said our good-byes". 

It is true. It is what I feel and think. Just like the message at one in the morning. I like her other replies, the hearty emojis and the excitement of the more subtle messages where I told her that I could do something to make up from the pictures I didn't take, or to send her pictures of the beach. 
The last one felt false, condescending. 

This one would be direct, no more reading between the lines. No more hiding in ambiguity or vagueness. It could also be creepy. Specially after the last one. 

Would I really like seeing her again if nothing comes out of it, though? Were she to tell me how she's not interested romantically, no, sexually in me, would I still want to see her? Maybe the text is not so bad, then. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-08
Words:   864
Minutes: 25

"I'm feeling a bit selfish and actually considering sending you another flirty text tonight to bump my conversation up"

"I thought you'd take the metro with me because you lived a bit far so I didn't think you'd walk home, but now that you say that, I didn't know it was an option, I regret that"

...

Yesterday Monica asked me, she invited me to vent to her what I didn't say the night before. I told her how the last girl had looked me up again and invited me to go out and, suddenly, I lost interest again. Calli faked a sound of realization when I told her about Monica's insight. Is it, though? 

Monica's right, I'm acting overfixated with this. Even though today was actually one of the _most_ productive days I've had in a while, I haven't stopped thinking about these girls. I'm not a teenager, even if I'm as horny as one because of the antidepressants. 

Am I, though, or I've taken it as another excuse for my behaviour? I have been feeling differently. It's not all my imagination.

Yesterday I ordered pizza to try to lift my mood a bit. I drank the wine from the day before and became over-conscious of the urges I was feeling to contact Kate again. I had disabled the 'seen' information of my messages and the 'last seen online' so I didn't know if she had seen my previous messages asking her about the event. I kept thinking about the message I sent her the weekend. Her message quoting that was different. A part of me wanted to push it even more. In the notes of my phone I had this draft of a message telling her that I regret not kissing her. 

Instead of writing it, I just teased it playfully. I couldn't even continue the message with the second half, when she replied back instantaneously. I backtracked almost as fast when she apologized for not replying and exploined to me the stressful situation she's in. She doesn't have a visa at the moment, so is not allowed to work, and has more than a hundred unpaid hours of labour. No shit she wouldn't be replying to my stupid messages. 

I apologized and tried to uselessly offer her any help. How could I, literally a stranger she's met only once for a couple of hours, help her in any significant way?

Funnily we chatted for the longest time since we talked that day. I could have made a mention of my desire to open up with Alda. That could ameliorate my irrational fear that she doesn't really know about my trans history. Instead we talked about my post-therapy self-care, falling on the ice, and finally, the flirtatious message that I mentioned earlier. 

When I teased her telling her that I could save it for next time, she took the opportunity to explain herself in feeling overwhelmed and taking her time to respond. Even if she wouldn't reply at the time, she does feel touched and smiley and happy with messages that she gets excited about. Has she ever gotten that way from messages that I've sent? When I asked her, she replied with a yes in all caps. 

I offered her to act even more flirtatious when I eventually meet her this week, knowing full well that it's not going to happen. I said then, that if we weren't to, I'd send her messages all the time so she wouldn't forget about me until my return. 

She laughed too much at the idea and agreed; she'd give me all the attention that she's terrible at giving me in the phone. Of course she wouldn't forget about me, she concluded. 

Before leaving, I sent her the message. One hour later precisely, she saw it. It was another _me too_. 

...

In the morning I told Alda through texts and she had the same reaction that she and Abby had on the balcony of club Unity. I saw it, and starting it doubting it myself. Was she expecting me to come with her? Instead of staying with the doubt myself, I sent her a message before noon asking her directly. This time she replied pretty quickly. It wasn't that, it's what I knew happened. 

Instead of leaving it like that, though, she went further.

I haven't heard from her since. Only Armando and Alda know about this exchange. I sent the pictures to Anahi but deleted them right after. I told Monica without any details of what happened, and she was annoyed that I'm still obsessed with this. She's not wrong. I won't say anything to Eli nor Sonny. I should keep this.

It's been hard not proposing her outright to go out again this weekend. I thought waiting until tomorrow evening. Maybe I should just not say anything, I'm already assuming it's not going to happen. She knows I'll be leaving on Monday. She knows I want to kiss her. She knows hooking up is up in the air. If she really wants it to happen, even if it's just a fraction of how much *I* want it, she can look me up.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-09
Words:   779
Minutes: 24

"IDK we, por más risa que me da como la cagas una y otra vez, como que sí me quedo de _no mames, Sofía_. Agarra el pedo, es el mismo error una y otra vez. ¿Me explico? Y ya estás _Ruffles." 

"Sorry if I come [off] too pushy, I just got this e-mail, so yeah, last chance. I know it's not the best time with your exams and everything, so I understand if you don't feel like it, but maybe the distraction would help. It'd be my treat of course. Anyway, no pressure, you let me know." 

...

The sale ends in half an hour. Most probably, I won't hear from her by then. I might not hear from her until tomorrow. Maybe later at night. I know she's busy. I know she doesn't reply quickly. It's a weekday. She's not that interested. _No way, she's def flirty_. I don't know. The timing is not right. A couple of weeks away might help me in more than one way. 

If she does reply, will I tell her that the sale ends if she denies the invitation? Will I ask her to clarify her feelings about me? The times have changed, I know why she feels tired and stressed out. I shouldn't make things about me, even though that is what I do most of the time. 

I asked Alda if I haven't annoyed her like I have Armando and Monica. 

"Es que no tienes otra plática." 

She was nice and kind. She enjoys hearing about this. I invited her to go to this event Saturday's afternoon organized by Queer McGill. I'm not even sure I want to go, but in case Kate rejects me like she's used to do, the distraction would ease my mind. 

I woke up early in the morning. I turned off the alarm at 8:15 but didn't get back to sleep. The Wellness Hub starts receiving calls at 8:30, so I took the opportunity to sort out my appointment with Dr Perera. While I waited for them to take my call, the thought came to my mind that there's only tomorrow and Monday's morning before my departure. The sooner appointment they could give me was the 14th. I could have lied and taken the call at Sonny's house, but instead came clean and told the receptionist that wouldn't work for me. I'll call next year when I get back to Canada.

I called the bank to figure out the prepaid card. While I fixed the PIN issue, I still am not able to reload funds. 

I asked Alda for some Adderall. I have been working on Qrater and the abstract for OHBM. She gave me three long-release pills. I saved one and took the rest. That wasn't the smartest idea. Although I did manage to get some work done, after noon, I felt even more disperse than usual. 

For a minute I was worried that Louis would notice in our meeting. He might have. I was way more energetic and talkative. He probably realized something was going on, but I'm sure he just settled on the thought that I was in a good mood. 

I keep glancing at my phone waiting for an answer. It's 50/50 —if even that— that she's just going to say no again. Was it this morning when I doubted that she had wanted me to come over? No, that were the last messages we exchanged last morning. Now I'm starting to worry that __that__ conversation is the issue that's going to freak her out, instead of my incessant pushiness, which is what everyone has been telling me. 

Even after Alda told me she enjoys listening to my stories —she once said how she feels like living vicariously through me—, I did not tell her that I asked her out again. She would probably approve. I mean, she'd have done it differently, waiting for her to do the next move, but she's definitely flirty so, what's the deal? 

Calli told me that I should accept the things that I want to do or say. Eliseo said something similar, punishing myself for being too needy or clingy, as I had done it, for sending those messages or looking her up is not the best way to go. 

Had I not dared to send the last _risky_ message the other night, we wouldn't have talked for an hour or exchanged the last messages that made me feel like a teenager again. 

Yeah, I was embarrased when Armando said that I am too old for this shit. But, honestly, I enjoyed it. Which even now as I'm writing it, is a bit embarrasing, too. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-10
Words:   1050
Minutes: 29

"Does that mean I'll get to see you before I leave? I'm literally dreaming about you now; brunch, dinner, just make out. Let's celebrate!" 

...

What was the message that started it last night? No, it started at noon with my invitation. I justified my action thinking that she's going through stressful stuff right now and maybe telling her that the sale was off would ease her of the anxiety that comes with saying no. Although, she's been saying no for the last handful of times, she's an expert now. 

I projected my own struggles unto her as I remembered the few times that I've been invited to stuff but didn't have the courage to tell them no. Karina's message for Vix's dinner, the invitation to the bar by Alix, Kory telling me he was downtown. 

...

The phone just glowed and I immediately stretched my neck to catch the colors of the emoticon that appeared next to the name in the notification. The last _risky_ message was more than an hour ago. She hasn't been online since a couple of minutes after that. I turned that feature off even before she looked me up in the afternoon.

She has been a bit different these past few nights. Mmm, hopefully I didn't ruin it. 

...

Last night I sent her a message telling her about my social anxiety rejecting invitations and then offered her the new information that the tickets had run out. She replied immediately after appearing online just after receiving my notification, I assume. She didn't take the out I gave her and instead rejected me anyway. _She wouldn't be able to make it, either way._ I started one of the drafts I had in my notes, but because I didn't complete it with the corny second half, it just came off passive-agressive telling her that it might have been for the best. 

Just because she had started typing before that message I know her explanation about her COVID scare was not an offering of peace after that defensiveness. We talked for a bit less than an hour. This time there wasn't much flirting, at least not from her end. I shared with her that the time that I had my own COVID scare, the results came 12 hours after the test. She asked me how long ago this was, and so, I told her the part that I was intentionally leaving out about it being just after our date. 

I jokingly told her that I was scared of having to contact-trace her because she would hate me for it. She just laughed it off and denied it. 

"I mean you say that *now* after I've charmed you with my clingy messages", I said. 

She laughed in a different way and ended with an emoticon that I didn't know exactly how to read. 

The conversation ended uneventfully. I confessed that I had considered her asking her to update me about her results, but that because she had a lot on her mind, she shouldn't worry. 

"I like having an excuse for reaching out"

"Perfect then", was her last message with a happy face as a sentence end. 

I started typing something, but deleted. She might have saw it on her end, but if she did, she said nothing about it. 

...

Last night —was it before or after sending the peace offering about my invitation?— I thouched myself until completion. It took me way more than other times, but it was also different. There was some wetness in the sheets and my body was exhausted after. It didn't help me to sleep. 

I woke up around 4 or 5 in the morning and just stayed in bed. I started sending memes and images to several people. The first one was Alda after seeing her lights turned on. I sent a couple to Armando, and then some to Monica and Sonny. Around 6 am I posted a story on Instagram with the full intention of seeing if and how long it'd take Kate to see her. 

I fell asleep shortly after and woke up from a sensation-dream where I was texting her in french. 

I had the perfect excuse to send her a message this afternoon and I blew it to tell her about my creepy dream. If she doesn't reply back and I never see her again, at least, unlike with the computer scientist, I'll know precisely why it happened. 

She didn't reply nor say anything. 

All day I've been thinking about her, what to say and if I'll get to see her again this weekend. It actually worries me. I've been working more than other days and that helped a bit. At 6 pm I considered sending her the question about the results after seeing her online. Not much after, I got a notification from her telling me the results were negative. 

I ignored the drafts that I had written following Calli advice and improvised a response. 

It's 8pm and she hasn't answered. The invitation for today's show was around this time and she said she wouldn't make it. 

I'm thinking about backpedalling, saying I'm only joking around, maybe telling her that I don't want to annoy her or creep her out. Why should I? The message I sent is exactly what I feel and want. I want to see her, take her out to eat or maybe even just kiss. Why am I feeling this guilty and dirty about it? 

After I sent the image to Alda with the caption telling her that maybe this is what would get me blocked, I realized that it's pretty mild compared to what we talked before. We metioned kissing. She said she regretted it, after realizing there was an option for inviting me to her place. For fuck's sake, on her description she explicitly says she wants to have sex. 

I know why this bothers me. It's because I associate it with manliness. Because I am, again, asking her and waiting rejection. I am risking coming off as predatory. I feel vulnerable. 

On the other hand, this is the first time the whole day that, after thinking she will probably deny my invitation, I think it wouldn't be that hard to not send her a message until I leave.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-11
Words:   858
Minutes: 23

"Yesterday I thought about telling you how I was starting to like waiting for your replies, but, ngl, right now I am feeling a little nervous. Just a bit." 

...

Still nothing. She might not reply back? Nah, I honestly don't think this will be the last I hear of her. It well could possibly be, but I really don't believe it. Probably tomorrow, or perhaps Monday asking me if I have left yet and apologized for not getting back to me. That's if I can manage to have a sense of willpower and don't send her *another* thing. 

It's getting easier, though. I cracked last night and sent her something else with the hopes that it would break the silence, but instead of coming up as charming, it was cringey. It, in fact, could be for the best. I, again, went too strong too quickly. At least after the Friday in the club and her date I know that people can be attracted to me, after a first glance or a first meeting. 

On the other hand, the girl at the club could have left after realizing I was trans, and all of Kate's dance of flirtateous messages were just keeping on the side as a b option in case any of her other prospects didn't pan out. 

Am I as hideaous as I see myself? 

...

I well could had gone to the McGill Queer meeting at Atwater Market. I woke up early, I got up at a good time. I had no plans. I didn't go. I didn't really want to. 

I haven't bought Sonny's beanie she asked me nor any of the souvenirs I thought of getting. I showered moments ago but instead of wearing clothes considering going out to get the stuff, I put on loungewear again. 

Last night the phone started vibrating and I grabbed it thinking it was the apology for not being able to meet me that I was expecting, but instead it was Armando's. I asked him yesterday again about what mistake he was referring to with the full intention of delving into the subject of my missing experiences being a normal teenage girl. 

_You see, I honestly thought you at least suspected it, but I don't know anymore, I didn't grow up as a normal girl. I didn't grow up as a girl at all. There's a lot of stuff that I didn't learn until way later, or even that I haven't learned at all._ 

He avoided the subject and I just let it go. 

The same notification missexpectation happened this morning but it was Alda. I sent her a message —was it even before she texted me?— that I didn't feel like going to Atwater. We talked about doing something today or tomorrow night before my departure. 

Why does Kate not want to see me? I mean, that's not the part that I can't understand. Why would I believe she would? 

The last time she was on whatsapp was after midnight. She hasn't gotten in since. I posted a meme about the conversation in spanish with Sonny about the meme and the picture of me in underwear. Not even 2 minutes later the only viewers were Alda and her. I took a screenshot of that and sent it to Alda. I wanted to tell Monica, but held it in. I don't think she wants to hear anything more about that whole issue. Could it have something to do with us being exes? No, I don't really think so. 

I posted another one before showering, but she wasn't in the first people that viewed it. 

After I saw her in that list, I deleted both of them.

A couple of nights ago she asked me again how I've been doing after I posted my own conversation with Armando telling me I wasn't that good. It was in Spanish. I don't really believe she would translate it, but MarieLine told me how for francophones it's pretty easy to get spanish from context. And I know how it's even easier when it's written.

Later in the conversation when she was apologizing and thinking how I must be all stressed that she was seeing my messages but not replying, she mentioned that she struggles even if it doesn't seem like it on Instagram. Could that be related as well? 

I honestly doubt she's even close to being as obsessed as me, so I don't really think she'll make any notice about my deleted stories just now.

I should not send her anything anymore. If she does reply back —which she probably will— will I answer back? Will I be direct and tell her that I am confused by the mixed signals? 

Will I ask her if she wants me to back off? Or if she honestly wants to see me? 

Does it even matter? At least for another month, I won't. 

I saw her once, and yet I feel a little hurt by the idea of not seeing her again. I deserve it, it's all my fault. Not really for sending those messages, but for getting invested in the first place. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-12-14
Words:   2256
Minutes: 1

 I'm typing these words outside the 750words website.
I am aboard the plane going to Mexico City. It was a good day.

Last night, Sunday, I did not complete the words.
The opportunity was there; I could have easily done them before Alda came.
We had talked about doing something, just hanging out in the apartment, buying
some alcohol and perhaps ordering some food.

In the morning I cooked all of my eggs, half of a dozen of them.
I separated the scrambled eggs from the pan into two halves.
One went into my bowl and the rest in a tupperware.
Not even 15 minutes passed after I finished the bowl, when I went back and ate
the rest. I felt not only full, but disgusted with myself. Would that count
as binge eating? I felt so hungry and I couldn't stop. I didn't want to eat
anything else for the rest of the day.

Alda came and told me she didn't want to drink anything.
For once, I was actually OK with the idea of not drinking. I didn't want to eat
anything either, so we just smoked outside the balcony.

I kept looking into Armando's room and saw how his lights were on.
That was the last I thought about him until he came out close to two in the morning.

I'm actually glad that I decided not to tell anything to Alda.
When we were thinking about what to watch, she mentioned the second comedy
special of Dave Chappelle. I was hesitant to the idea, not only because of the
obvious awkwardness of hearing trans jokes with her by my side, but also because
it's not even funny.

There it was the perfect opportunity to ask her:
"Did you meet many transgender people when you were in New York?", but I didn't.

We ordered food and ate. Poutine, it was good.

What wasn't good was the feeling I had when I went to my room and saw all of
the notifications that were on my phone. Most of them from Armando, asking us
to be more quiet. None of us saw his messages. He kept at it instead of
coming out and saying something. I mean, he shouldn't have to in the first
place, sure. But, I'm certain that he ended up this mad because of the
idea that we were purposefully ignoring him.

When I saw his messages, I thought about actually ignoring him, but instead I
wrote a short one telling him sorry and that I had not seen them.

Four hours later, when I woke up drenched in sweat, I wrote him a longer one.
It's almost 24 hours later and he never replied. I am not totally sure what
exactly I am feeling about it. Am I upset? Guilty? Annoyed?

I got caught in a thought loop. Over and over I could see how I ran circles through
the same thoughts. I don't remember the last time I was that high. Maybe with
the brownie in Las Vegas. Maybe...

...

I sent a message to Louis telling him that I'd be missing the Neuro meeting
because I had an appointment with a therapist. I knew that whenever you mention
mental health, people get sensitive about it and respect your privacy.
He was very understanding. Health is always more important than lab meetings.

I wished Kate good luck on her test and she replied quickly.
Close to noon, I contacted her again asking if we had settled on any plans for
later. She had just finished her test. She told me she would shower,
eat something and head out. By the end, I could had gone to the lab meeting
and headed out myself after at the same time I did.

I waited for her outside the metro station sitting under the sun.
I was not wearing my coat, just the gray hoodie over a t-shirt.
She recognized me before I did. We hugged and I gave her the options I had thought.

"I had three options," I had thought telling her, "depending on what you want
to drink; if you want coffee, we can go to this authentic italian cafe.
If you want to drink teak, there's a cute tea house a couple blocks ahead."

In my head then she would ask me about the third option, to which I would continue.

"Do I really need to tell you the third option? That's if you don't want to
drink anything."

Right then and there, I just told her two options.

Later she would tell me how at the party of her friend, she was one of only
a handful of people wearing masks.

"I actually thought about cancelling you. Well, maybe not cancel, but tell you
that I was feeling a bit sick in my stomach and a headache.

"Like, I wanted to kiss you after today. I want to kiss you, but, I don't want
to make you sick and ruin your holiday. We can kiss next time when you return."

In me head, I doubted there would be a next time. Even if she promised me, and
even if she later fulfilled that promise, I would not see her for another month.
Instead of telling her how I was desperate to kiss her, I just lied saying
that I'd consider it.

We kept chatting and I saw some things that made me think about the night when
I saw her story of her party and noticed how I started losing interest. She
had promised to give me all of the attention that she doesn't give me on the
phone, and yet several times she was on her phone answering some messages.

The might have been important, even I have done it sometimes with other people,
yet it felt off. Did she really want to be there?

I told her the story behind my roommates teasing me with her trip to Ontario.
She promised she wouldn't do it to me on my return, when she promised me we'd
go to the cat cafe.

We left after 4pm. I did feel a little anxious about the time, but like Armando
I kept those feelings to myself instead of saying anything. I walked with her
to the metro station. She said something about putting her mask back on, and
even though I told the story to several different people, I don't really remember
what exactly I said.

I just remember her asking me surprised with a little but of shyness that caught
me of guard if I then really wanted to kiss her.

She got closer to me and put her hand gently on my arm. I don't remember if I
grabbed her lower back or put mine on her hip. I am sure, though, that I laid
my fingers on her cheek after our lips met.

This time I didn't think about closing my eyes. It was longer than I was expecting
and still not enough.

She said something about kissing me again, and I welcomed her without my breath.
I hold her closer and this time I didn't want to let go.

After half a minute or a lifetime, we pulled back and I noticed her face had
changed. There was color on her cheeks and her voice. She told me she'd text me,
and then she asked me to tell her whenever I'd get to the airport, she didn't
want to think that she had made me miss my flight.

I jogged home and ran some of the way. I picked up my luggage and asked for an uber.
While he arrived, I started telling people about what had just happened.

I got to the airport and went through security in a breeze.
The metal detector wasn't like the one in the US. I had asked Armando yesterday
with the intention of telling him why it makes me anxious. He dismissed me to
go to his weekly call with his girlfriend, so when he later asked me by message
I dismissed him, too.

I passed security with still close to an hour before boarding.
The flight was oversold and so they looked for volunteers to be moved to a later
flight and be compensated with food and some money.

I thought about the 50 dollars of Uber that I had just spent because of my date.
I didn't want to go back home. But then again, it would be easier for me than
for other people. Sonny wouldn't even be at her house by the time that I would
be arriving. And so, I went and volunteered.

Later they mentioned that the money was a thousand dollars.

I got stuck with two older quebecois men. They annoyed me at first.
When we got to migration, I got stuck with them and they had to wait for their
baggage. I was misgendered once and felt insecure. It's the second time that
I am called sir here. This time it was in French. I noticed how later I would
unconsciously speak with a higher voice.

I had to wait a couple of hours for all the administration hell of it, but ended
with a voucher for 10 dollars in any restaurant in the airport, and one for 900
dollars.

I didn't even have to go back home. I will arrive at the same time as Sonny.
I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight either.

... 

I got on the 11pm flight. The second time back in, I did have to go through the 3D scanners, nothing flashed, or at least the security officer didn't need to pat me down. Could it be that she flashed me male? One of the staff called me monsieur. Later, in Mexico, when I went outside to be picked up by Sonny, one taxi driver called me "Joven". 

While I was waiting for her on the steps inside the airport drinking my coffee, I told Sonny how the migration officer had been weirdly different with me than with the previous people. I remember seeing a family at her counter and she was all laughs and smiles. She seemed even nice. I felt relieved when she freed up and called me next. 

Instead at first she was cold and then slowly made me feel uncomfortable with her hostility. She asked me for my name after seeing my face and the passport. Did I have a shadow? Most probably, I had shaved very early given Armando's drama. It's been more than 24 hours and he never replied to my apology. I thought about sending him a half-joking message with something with the like of "oh, well, I'll just go fuck myself, I guess".

There's no point, so I just let it go. 

We got to Sonny's and went straight to bed after changing clothes. She asked if she could hug me and I agreed. She put her arm on my stomach and slowly moved her hand up to my breast. I stopped her the first couple of times. By then I still had the phantom sensation of Kate's hand on my arm. I remembered her specifically stating she wasn't looking for anything exclusive and her most recent  explanation that she's not really in a mental space to be having a serious relationship.

Could she had been scared off by my most recent messages?

And with that in mind, I agreed to Sonny's advances. She asked me to turned around and tried to kiss me. I moved my face away and told her no. The emotions that are still present a year later were impossible to ignore. While she touched my under my pants, I kept thinking how different would it feel if instead of Sonny's it were Kate's hand in there instead of on my arm. I thought about the warm sensation of the side of her palm on my breast. At that point I stopped Sonny. 

Things didn't go well afterwards. She kept insisting that we could have casual sex, while I argued that it's impossible for me to have casual sex with her given how I have, and will keep having, feelings towards her. She threw to my face how me letting her start was, as matter of fact, been me using her. 

She wasn't wrong, but it only made me realize that letting it go even further wouldn't make it any better for anyone. She cried telling me how she had her heart broken. Someone cheated on her last March.

In the morning, I received a message from Kate replying to my last ones. She asked me what had happened at the end and then shared with me that the saw "Love, Actually" her favorite Christmas movie. 

I sent a message to Paty confessing her that around the time of the picture I had sent her of us, I had a crush on her. Apparently, she had one on me as well. She sent me an audio explaining succintly how she just liked me a lot then, but because she was interested in Paola, she didn't pursue anything.

"Talking about rewatching something. I can't sleep in planes, so the whole flight I kept reliving the memory of us outside the metro station exactly like how when I was a child I would smell those perfume sample strips until all of the fragrance faded. I feel a little silly but even up to when we were close to landing I would somehow lose my breath a little just thinking about it."

