------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-01
Words:   772
Minutes: 20

Fausto recommended that I should write in third person. To write myself letters. To my future self. 

At first I considered it and thought it was an interesting idea. Now that I am sitting in the computer and typing, I find it stupid and just want to end with this so I could go to bed and sleep. I feel extremely tired. I didn't go to bed that late last night. It was around two in the morning, at most. Again I felt this dark cloud of melancholy surround me. I said no to most of the food. I just wanted to be left alone. I thought of her tweets, her joyful pictures with both Carlos and Anahi. The couple of sentences that involved me, which I was either not mentioned or was the relationship she finished. 

She loved me. Now she doesn't. Why does that hurt so much? 

Not even I know what I feel. I hated her for most of this year. I don't find her attractive, why do I remember with nostalgia the nights we shared after a long day, when we just took our clothes off and held each other? 

What did I want with the message I sent? I huge reaction? This long apology and how she misses me? The hostility between us was palpable, she was not calm, she was not indifferent. 

And I keep writing about her. I keep remembering and harming myself with what happened and what was said. 

Closure, was the word Eusebio and Jessica used last week. Fuck closure and fuck every one of them.

In a little more than a week I'll leave town again. 

I overshared in Twitter. I wasn't completely ignored, but then again, I don't know how I can't be not disappointed if I don't even know what I expect from the fucking things I do. 

She updated a picture in one of her social networks. Is her smiling, blowing on some snow from her hands. Maybe she was close. Maybe she and her family drove to the Rumorosa to see the snow. 

What the fuck is wrong with me? 

For years I couldn't get over Monica, thinking about her what had happened, how I missed her. I have her back as my best friend, I've been chatting with her almost daily. She answers back and even starts sometimes, not like my other so-called-friends. I had what I wanted. I had to lose Catherine for that, though. I pay Catherine as a price. My relationship dissolve because of my lie about talking to her. We stopped being cordial because she saw we did talk. And now I am back to where I was, missing somebody who left and hates me. 

I send another message to Eusebio. It's not even two complete days. I told him it was important and to please take the time to hear me. I made a mention about how it was gossip but I wanted to clear it out. Let him know is not just some of my personal issues. 

I am tired and sick of all of this. I am angry. I want to scream. At first I think about screaming at them, all of them. But it's me who I am furious at. It's I who makes myself cry and feel like shit. I am my own worst enemy, I am poisoning myself and I can't handle this anymore. 

What a fucking great start for the year, isn't it? 

I won't see any of them nor Monica anymore. There is just the 5th at Paola's. "That the decision about going or not be not about me", said Catherine. Fuck her. 

This year doesn't seem like that big of a change. 

What the fuck did I expected? Sure, suddenly just because a number is change in the date, all of my issues and problems will dissolve and everything will be great again and all people will forgive me and look me up. 

I kept checking Catherine's conversation as if she would suddenly send me a message about anything. I sure didn't when she reached out those months ago. She didn't when I sent those messages when all of this started. 

"I didn't tell my mom, because she would not see you in a good way again. I did not expect all of this to happen." 

What the fuck was she expecting? What was I? 

Are we really that foolish? 

She's moved on. She has her friends, her work, her new dog and all this trips and plans and future. 

So do I. Why then can't I move on? Maybe I am the fool. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-02
Words:   982
Minutes: 29

Last night, when I went to bed, I viewed a video of this analysis of the movie "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind". In it, the narrator argued that the hair colors of Clementine in the movie were symbolic of the stage of the relationship of the protagonists. The colors themselves, green, red, orange and blue, represented the four seasons of the year, spring, summer, fall and winter, respectively. 

It was something I had never seen before or thought about. The first stage of their relationship, when they first meet, her hair is green, representing the birth of new life, then, when they are deeply in love and he realizes that he doesn't want to continue with the procedure of erasing her, the hair is a vibrant red. As the memories continue and he sees their love and passion fade, the hair turns orange, as the leaves of autumn. Finally, when they break up and she gets him erased from her mind, the color turns a cold blue, like the season where all of nature dies. 

It made me think about my own relationship and if it fit this stages as well. The curiosity killed me and I went to Google photos to do a review of the last period before the imminent break up. What could had been a terrible mistake and a long way to self-hate and melancholy, resulted in an exercise of reflection and insight about passed time and the coming of a new future. 

I got to the summer, when all went to ruins, the saddest and most painful day of my life to realize that, of course, I had no pictures to remind me of those moments. I had pictures of the day and night before, when I shared that city with Jessica and Eusebio. I went back to the last time I came to Tijuana, the spring break. Her tweet had stated that it was April when she ended our relationship. It was March. It was the last week in March when we went to the vineyards and slept together for the last time, a moment she would later recount as something she "enjoyed at time bu later would feel as a betrayal to herself". But here's the thing, I expected to see theses signs or hints of suffering and the upcoming downfall, but there weren't none. I was smiling, even in pictures of the trip that at the time I hated, I saw us smiling and hugging. We looked like we used to. 

I kept going back in time. Her birthday party, my birthday dinner and cake at my house. I got to the previous break-up, or more exactly, the time she went to visit me after it. The pictures of us in the ancient pyramids of Teotihuacan, the trip in the bus, the pictures of us with, again, the same usual smiles and joy that we shared together. 

I stopped. I could not really pinpoint the moments of transition between seasons with the pictures, and I realized there was no point. Why would I remember the precise points when her love started to face away, and when the relationship started to die? Why would I stain, again, the smiles and candid moments? 

But that wasn't what calmed me and gave that first hint of hope that things will get better. It was that I didn't feel any nostalgia or sorrow because of the idea that none of those moments will come again. I was OK with the idea of us not seeing each other. For a little while, I was OK with not continuing our conversations, with this ending that has come to all of those memories. Instead of envy and jealousy of her trips, or resentment because of the posted pictures with Carlos and Anahi, or hating the idea that she were enjoying life while I wanted mine to end, I felt happy for her. 

I am no perfect person, I am not this buddhist sage that has master the ability to dominate her emotions. I woke up coming back to old bad habits and painful thoughts, but I saw a glimpse of light. 

I received Eusebio's answer to my audio and video. I sensed this nervousness in his voice, he delayed his answer to my questions with apologies and explanations of why Omar didn't deliver the stuff. He denied ever saying that. He could be lying, of course. But, does it really matter? Monica is right, things won't ever come back to how they used to be. Our friendship might be a lie, but there is no need to make this dramatic exit. 

I can just get my support from other people and stop investing in the past and what used to be. 

I sent a message to Paola updating her about what happened with both Eusebio and Catherine, finishing with an inquiry about the contact of the neurotics anonymous group she suggested. She answered back fairly quick. She was sure it wasn't something Eusebio might say, and commented how the best was that the interactions between Catherine and I stayed within the group and not vis-a-vis. "Both of you are healing". 

She keeps posting more and more tweets that are obviously about me, without that much space of interpretation: "did she deceived you or yo lied to yourself?"; "A person looks so different when you stop seeing them without loving eyes"; "One never stops loving, just starts loving other people". She liked one that I liked myself from her own profile: I didn't close the year with the person I started it; we don't even talk anymore, that's really sad". 

I mean, I'm no one to talk about it, I keep looking her up compulsively, seeing where can I fit myself in her updates, fearing the idea of resentment or, worse, forget. Paola might be right. Both of us are healing. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-03
Words:   801
Minutes: 20

I don't feel like charging my laptop and writing in it. I'm lying on the couch, in the dark living room just two hours shy of midnight. I slept most of the day. Yesterday my aunt and uncle came with my cousins from Mexicali to pick up their son from the airport in San Diego. He went to visit his long distance girlfriend in Portland.

This time I didn't went with them. I stayed unshowered in my pajamas all day. My uncle stayed as well. Even if he wanted to, he can't cross. He doesn't have a visa. I wrote the words when they left. Was it before I glimpsed into the past?

Not long after I remembered this website that uses statistical analysis to classify the gender of the writer of a text. I copied the current entry to satisfy my morbid curiosity. It returned female. I copied some of years before. Not a single one gave a different result. It was a relief. It made me read some of the things I had wrote. The first entry is from 2010. I was in high school, before starting my relationship with Monica, before even imagining the real reason why I felt empty inside.

Then it jumped to 2015. By then I already knew. Didn't know what to do with it, of course, but I knew what was my problem.

I remembered Catherine's present of my 21st birthday. That memorable entry where I lament that I wasn't really a man when I reached adulthood. Seeing our pictures had helped me the day before. Maybe reading about our story, My story, would be beneficial too. And so, I grabbed the journal and started reading it. And it did help.

I relived the story from the beginning of the year when I went to Spain, the whole roller coaster that was coming to terms with my urges of exploring feminity. The first day in the hotel when we shared clothes and I found love and eroticism from a person other than Monica. My trip down guilt when I was at the cross-roads of two different lovers, a path of normality but lies, or my real forbidden desires. I played with both of them. I hurt them both. As I read I realized none of them were wrong in hating me. How could I blame them after what I did to them?

I went to Monterrey, to San Diego, to Catherine's therapist's cobsultory and finally all the way across the word.

My problems with alcohol are nothing new. The journal came to an end just at the middle of the first month there. There were never a period of joy in Spain. It was always filled with stress, anguish and sorrow. It was exciting as fuck, and what I always wanted, but I was lying to myself when I said I didn't always suffered.

I read about the time I chose my name and told Catherine. When I accepted to be referred as a woman and as I started coming out to my loved ones. I continued with the next journal and my trips in Spain. I followed that with the notes I kept registering on my phone by the end of the trip and my return. I never really explicitly wrote about when or why I stopped talking with Catherine.

There is a gap in that semester of denial and the sudden return of my real self. I didn't write that much about the internship in the hospital and making paces with Catherine. I remember a dream she had, how she told me about us sitting in a bench or a park and I had long hair and was wearing this flowy dress. She missed that person. It was then that I confessed that I missed myself, too.

And so I came back down the rabbit hole, and again we were close.

I continued reading the words in this site. 2015, when Monica and I were fading apart again, when I faced my situation considering reality and it was way too much. When we started dealing with showing ourselves to the world, and hiding in man's clothes wasn't something I couldn't keep doing. Since Andrea's party in October and Halloween, I dared to go out more and more as myself. Not doing that stopped being an option.

By now I finished with 2015.

I read about us, our sex, our intimacy. All of the things I am thankful to her.

And, I thing about that stage of my life, everything is different now. I am over that. Those problems doesn't exist anymore. I am in a different point in my life. One where she might doesn't belong anymore. And for the first time, I think I am starting to feel OK with that. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-04
Words:   908
Minutes: 25

I got to the mid 2016. Almost all yesterday and today I spent reading those entries in my phone. I sometimes changed from Firefox to Google Photos, I looked up the pictures from the day I was reading about. Monica's departure. All of the stress of the things I wanted and had to do. I thought 2018 was the year of stressing tasks, but 2016 wasn't easy either. I don't know how our relationship lasted that long. 

2016 started with my double life.  A couple of months before I had started going out dressed more and more feminine. First it was just dates with Catherine in leggings, then the leggings turned to make up and even dresses. I went to the movies with Chevo and Jessica and, even though it was midnight, was met by countless people. It became unbearable continuing my life as a man. As people kept seeing me and referring to me as a woman, every time they didn't I was hurt. 

The same thing happened with my loved ones who didn't yet know or acted accordingly. I battled with both insecurity and the inability to asked what I wanted. I wanted to make the appointment for the hormones, I wanted to start laser. I battled for months with the urge to tell my dad and the sorrow of not daring to. I brought Catherine down in my own misery, as Monica told me recently when we touched the subject. I wanted the changes to come, I wanted to be where I am right now. No, I couldn't really even imagine my life right now. Every new people that meets me sees me as Sofia. My loved ones treat me as a woman almost all of the time.

I am almost done with the master, I'll spend three months in Maryland doing research, there's a possibility of traveling to Europe again to present my investigation as a first author, as Sofia Fernandez, I have friends and people that care about me. Most of the people I interact with don't know my old name and some might not even know I even had other than Sofia. The only thing I don't have is the what I did back then. 

For a moment this afternoon, I missed her again. Her absence hurt just like it did months ago when the wound was still fresh. 

Yesterday, was it?, I read that passage of that first time we went to the motel. When timidly we exchanged clothes and showed our most vulnerable self to each other. I read what happened in both my own words and hers. I felt this tingling sensation ran down my neck, my chest, my stomach all the way to my legs. It was as if I could feel her hand and fingers again, peeling my shell in the most delicate way. 

How could I not miss her? 

Paola posted something in the whatsapp group conversation about tomorrow's gathering. The first one to reply was Catherine, followed by Chevo and Jessica. The conversation continued and morphed. I think it was her again who posted the image of a monopoly of friends, saying they should (we?) have it. Again, everyone replied but S and I. It was the third message about the cake, or more precisely, the notification of Catherine's response to it, that made me respond. I asked the time that was agreed on and apologized for not confirming before. 

Catherine saw it almost instantly. Paola answered. 5 minutes later S responded saying she could not promise anything about going. 

I continued with my own trip down my memories. The night came and almost passed. Again I slept until after 5 in the morning. I woke up 4 hours later, with several notifications. Some were of the group and tomorrow. The urged Paola to go. They didn't do that with me, but of course the context is way different. Others were about the patient down there in Mexico city, the procedure. Eduardo asked about me and Alan, if we would be available Monday. One was Eusebio's checking up on me: "you decided to go? ;)". I can't remember the last time he reached out. 

I got to the part of 2016 and the conversation I remember we had about them being apart. Catherine was right, it was because of that joke about being pregnant where they left us out. "I don't know what is it, but I don't seem to flow with you", Jessica said to me that time. 

There is a difference between us back then and the night I talked to her in Argana. 

Tomorrow we'll go to the United States in the morning. We have to come back around 2 in the afternoon. The kingsday dinner won't be until 8 o'clock. Do I want to arrive early or late? Is not being the first or the last one that worries me. 

I have surpassed a lot of different obstacles and problems. I did have many fights with Catherine. This, too, will pass. Maybe in a couple of years I'll return to read these entries and feel just as I feel right now. Everything then didn't really matter or was solvable. Even the problems I haven't gotten to, yet. The exams of entrance and interviews, looking for an apartment, changing my name, leaving Catherine behind, our first break-up. All that was from before 2018. 

Everything will be all right. I can do this. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-05
Words:   1182
Minutes: 27

it's a quarter to seven. The time agreed was from 7 and a half to 8. 

My mum told me we would go to the United States and reassured me that this time we would go in the morning. "Around 8 we should be exiting, so you should better go to bed now. You won't be able to get up".

I was in the other couch of the living room, the one in front of the window. I had my computer on my lap and were reading still the 2016 year, I was halfway of it. Not much later of her departure to her room, Miguel left, too. 

I went to bed but continued reading. I really don't believe how much I had forgotten, or chose to ignore. I reviewed the pictures of the years passed, our smiles, the happy memories. We almost fought non-stop since the moment she got a job until we left for the city. Even before that. 

For every picture of a date filled with smiles, there were three hidden stories of my rage, sadness and her lack of comprehension. I even wondered about breaking up around Fall of '16. 

I remembered the one of the summer of '17. That was the moment I first thought off when I got the idea of the relationship seasons. I mentioned it to her when we did break-up a couple of months later around the earthquake. "We've been breaking up since June". Sweetie, you were breaking up since a year before... 

Maybe I didn't get that realization until today. I fell asleep missing her. Reading of the week in Mexicali and the whole night of sex. In the morning I checked her twitter like any other addict filled with craving. She had retweeted again the tweet that talked about a woman who hated everything, and one lamenting showering in the mornings. I saw them around 6 in the morning and they were already almost an hour old. But they weren't the only things. She had sent an animated image of two turtles having a mating dance, where one slaps continuously the other on the face. "You with me", she captioned the tag to her chilean friend. I could not stop thinking about our night in Mexicali and relating it to them in Vegas. No, maybe Chicago. Of course in her own home. Was it jealousy? It surely was a different kind of sorrow. 

I was filled with rage with myself. I kept thinking about the christmas party. I imagined us again in the table playing and I gazing at her. "Never have I ever fucked in Chicago", I imagined myself saying staring directly at her and seeing how she didn't need to reply for me to know what she were thinking "hey, what the fuck?". 

"Never have I ever been fucked by a Chilean". I kept hearing a murmur as I dried myself. 

I sat at the edge of my bed with my wet pajamas and looked again at the profile in my phone. He had tagged her with an image of a football match of their respective countries' selections. She replied three times. The first time saying of course she'd go to that one next to an image of a heart. The second and third were her realizations that she'd be in Monterrey that day and asking him to have a videocall that day. 
A couple of minutes ago I saw she had liked one "At what age do you lose the hope of finding love?", and posted herself an image cut in half, two spotify controls with a caption that every or most songs reminded the author of the subject. The upper one was Brillas of Larregui and the one below "Chinga tu madre" of Molotov. 

Whether she knows or not I see her profile, I guess it is pretty sure that both of us are still healing. 

It's seven minutes past seven. I had thought about sending a message to Paola asking her, confirming that the event would not be cancelled because of the weather and asking if she need me to take something, when I was changing blouses. Just now Catherine sent a message to the group asking the agreed time. 

I answered. Nobody else has said anything. Both Eusebio and Jessica saw my message. If only she or I end up going it would be really really uncomfortable. Do I prefer it to be cancelled? 

It's stopped raining already. 

I'll leave town again in 3 days. I was left with the mood of the last entry were I was alone in my apartment after Catherine's return. I feel nervous and anxious and stressed and those are the feelings I have not related at all to Catherine. 

Monica didn't replied to my message in messenger yesterday. Neither did Johanna. She got home today, she finally tell me after I sent her another one. I didn't mention that I would see the guys. I guess I won't have her by my side tonight, if the evening doesn't get cancelled. 

Paola hasn't replied. Nobody. In 20 minutes if nothing is said I'll ask. 

We crossed in the car all of us this time. They didn't ask me to pass using the pedestrian gates. Maybe it was of the cold. Although any warm feelings I might have had from that were long gone when my father called my attention using my old name. I didn't even try to hid the repulsion and ire from my face. I threw at the table the straw that was given with my glass. I think nobody noticed. I thought about telling him not to ever say that name again, but decided against it. Next time, surely. 

Norma and Jessica might come with us to my birthday dinner. I guess I won't be as alone as I had feared. 

Catherine sent another message. "Whoever has any news of Paola or is on the way, please give notice!" and an emoticon. This time I won't answer. The odds of nothing happening tonight keep growing. 

I can't really tell what I am feeling about that. A part of my wants it to be cancelled even though I am changed and almost ready. Other one wants to see her, to get a feeling of how things were left and what's going to happen next. 

There is a notification of the group. My heart is racing a bit. It's Paola. She's fixing the room. I guess "nothing" won't be the end result of tonight. Catherine laughed and replied with an OK. I asked if she needed something. Do I look off-putting in chat? Are my messages dry? 

At what time should I be leaving? Do I want to get there first and be with her alone? Or do I want to make sure someone else besides Catherine has arrived? Chevo and Jessica will be late surely. I... I really don't want to plan the whole night and construct a castle from all the possibilities. 

Now I'll just wait until she answers me, or anyone for that matter, to leave. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-06
Words:   961
Minutes: 3

This is my last day being 25 and I literally spent it sleeping.
I don't feel like doing, thinking it feeling anything.

[cheating]

I had cheated like an hour ago, just two hours before midnight lying under my sheets in the darkness of my room. I didn't feel like getting up, not even to eat nor go to the bathroom. I didn't want to be awake. I don't want to. 

I slept more than 15 hours and was in bed since 3 in the morning until 11 o'clock in the night. 

Why did I finally get up? It's 20 minutes before midnight, before my birthday. I kept reaching to the phone as if Catherine would send me something. Why do I keep waiting for an apology? In her mind she did nothing wrong. Maybe she didn't actually do anything wrong. 

Last night was a disaster but this time I can't blame it neither on her nor the alcohol. I left just moments after she responded she was already on her way. Halfway she said she was already in Soriana and would wait for them to enter everybody together. "You guys" were Chevo and Jessica. I sent a message asking if they were going to park inside the lot. It was ignored. I passed her car and she was sitting with her phone on her hands. A big part of the night she spent it on the phone, talking with somebody. She once showed a picture of Carlos to Jessica and Eusebio. Why did I care? 

I got out of the car and entered the supermarket. I expected to see them on the way. I didn't see her car anymore. I thought I saw them going through the door and felt this rage inside of me. Why didn't they answer or waited for me? I was mistaken. Partly. They weren't them. But they did enter and they did went to Paola. My messages stayed ignored and someone asked Paola to bring down socks. I bought a litter of chocolate milk and Styrofoam cups. I got outside the apartment and sent a message asking someone to open the door for me. I saw them inside the room. I thought it was Catherine but I was wrong. Catherine was just coming down the stairs, she saw me and opened the door. I said hello and she said it back. We both got in. 

They ordered pizza but I didn't eat. We played dominoe and later they played a game from Catherine's phone. I sent messages to Monica trying to distract myself. Catherine herself was chatting with someone, Carlos probably, or maybe some other friend. We cut the cake before Oscar left. He hugged me instead of a handshake, but there was something different. He knows about me. Even when people are OK with me, somehow they treat me differently. 

This time I sometimes said things direct at her. We didn't talked really, but we didn't pretend the other person didn't exist either. Eusebio talked about his new apartment and everyone talked about giving him things, doing an open-house party. Why did I feel bad because of that? 

Catherine never said anything with a bad tone like the time before. Maybe the apology did have an use. I still felt like shit and didn't have the alcohol to ease my mind.  

Paola asked her if she had thought about renting. She offered to look for something even though she really doesn't plan on doing it soon. Catherine told how she had thought about it. She crosses almost always in the Otay border and thought about looking for something there. When I heard I thought she was talking about renting in Otay on the other side of the border. I asked and everybody looked at me as if I were an idiot. Of course not, it's really expensive. She had seen an apartment, was it her or Paola?, around 4k pesos. Two rooms, but it was way too expensive. 

I opened up a little telling how I couldn't relate. Eusebio and Renan are paying less for a complete apartment less than I pay for a room. They were talking about an apartment being too expensive, again, less than what I pay now. I remember hearing her voice saying that I live in Mexico city. It was given as an explanation, a reason, but it didn't do nothing for me. They continued how it's the norm there, sharing with roomies. The culture of sharing with tens of people.  I just stayed quiet after that. 

Was it then or other time when I mention my issues with my degree and how I don't know what I will do? 

Why did I open up? Why did I wanted to hear how my problems are bigger than her? 

When they finally said they were going to leave and all of us starting cleaning I asked Paola if she could wait with me 5 minutes after their departure. Of course, she answered without a thought. 

All of us went outside. I said good-bye to both of them and they left. Catherine hugged Paola and then went to her car. 

Paola and I returned. There was some little-talk before I started. "What did you wanted to talk about?" she said. I just extended my arms and started crying. I let it all out on her shoulder. "I feel very anxious". I opened up about how I felt, how I thought about leaving. How she didn't even say good-bye, although at the same time she didn't say anything that were reason enough for me to feel this way. 

We talked more than I had planned and I came home. 

I went to bed and didn't get up. In two minutes is my birthday. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-07
Words:   797
Minutes: 48

I don't know how to start. All morning I kept looking at my phone as if I were expecting Catherine's message. I thought about all three possible options. Either she would not send anything, she'd send a dry message straight to the point, or she'd send a more elaborate one. I thought about what would I do at every possibility. 

After doing my words I sat in the couch and watched anime until a couple of hours after midnight. Around 3 I was tired again and went to bed. Alberto, from Salamanca, was the first one to congratulate me. I woke up around 8, maybe 10 in the morning and viewed the notifications in the phone. There were some from different people but none from anyone of the group. I went back under the covers. I didn't got up until the afternoon, a couple of hours before just now, the exact time I needed to get ready for the dinner at 6 o'clock. 

Monica did send me a message around 3. Yesterday we did not exchange any messages. It's weird feeling this alone. I didn't made any mention of all the dreams I had with her. 

In them I actually felt that our friendship would not work. In one of the firsts we had sex. I actually bled from my genitals. Then, in others, things started to get uncomfortable with how I desired her but my feelings were not reciprocated. Be it the case in real life or not, I decided against starting any conversation. 

She has her holiday week right now. I asked her if she had plans for tomorrow and she answered yes. Anyway I didn't had plans of seeing her. 

I went to shower and cried most of the time inside. When I got out and came down to my room, I saw a message from Catherine in my phone "Nunca he sabido cómo hacer esto, si se felicita o no al ex jaja 
Pero no olvido que hoy es tu cumpleaños, así que te deseo un Feliz cumpleaños, de verdad deseo que este nuevo año venga acompañado de fuerza y entendimiento que te guíen a afrontar los retos que te ponga la vida. Qué encuentres cosas nuevas  que te llenen y que disfrutes. Simplemente que disfrutes lo que está por venir. Felices 26!"

That's what I wanted, wasn't it? At first I didn't know how to feel, even less how to reply. 

I ended up saying how it all depends on how things ended, and how, in our case, I would had understood if she hadn't. "While it's sincere and not just because of obligation, I guess it's OK. Thanks, it means a lot to read you" 

All along the dinner, I kept opening the conversation and reading her message. That would be it. That was what I wanted, wasn't it? What more did I expect?

The application is open for the neurohackademy in Seattle. I read the questions and what information was expected. The only thing that I need is to update my curriculum. The deadline is 18th of February. 

Halfway through my words I receive another message from Catherine. Just now Miguel posted a picture with her. The message was a question. No. That was after that. "It wasn't obligation" and a rudimentary happy face. Well, now I had what I wanted, a continuation. Why did it feel anticlimactic? Why am I this difficult? Somehow it wasn't enough. 

Fifteen minutes later she continued: "From your point of view, how did we end? Because I don't understand why you say you'd understood that I hadn't" 

That is the last message I have gotten from her, half an hour ago. I did answer, but, what's the point? 

Paola asked me if it didn't hurt because deep down I expect her to return. I said no, just like I told Jessica and Eusebio. I wasn't really attracted to her by the end of our relationship. And yet again, I dreamed I climbed in bed with her and got over her naked body. I kissed her neck and then her mouth and then fucked her. 

Why the fuck do I miss her, then? Why does it still hurt after all this time? What in the fuck am I waiting for, what do I really want? 

"Well, for start I deleted you from Facebook and whatsapp, and besides we haven't really talked.

"Saturday you left without saying good-bye to me, I thought I would not hear from you again. 

"In your place, just because of this [first message] I would had not send anything. Regardless of what had happened." 

10 minutes ago I added something that was left unsaid, and I guess even if doesn't change anything, should be said:

"Nevertheless, I am glad you did" 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-08
Words:   2304
Minutes: 20

When the fuck will I ever feel alright? 

The conversation with Catherine continued until it went way too far. I sent a final message around 6 in the afternoon that stays unanswered. Even though I archived the conversation, I keep opening it up again and again, to see if she's online. 

Although I made no mention of it or my feelings about the lack of messages from the rest of the group, Monica sent me a message aggressively asking me of snapping out of my misery and self-hate. I same the same last OK messages to both girls around the same time close to noon. None has answered. Monica does have her plans and she also mentioned she would go to her dancing classes. Catherine liked a tweet stating "There are people so toxic that they make you think you are the toxic one". Of course. 

I spent most of the afternoon in bed, again. I don't know from where will I get the energy to get up in the mornings and actually do my work. I am tired, I am sad. I just want to sleep. I might actually just want to die. 

Eusebio sent me a message, too, around 1. He apologized and explained he wanted to call me yesterday but missed his chance. He also asked around what time would I be free so he would drop a call. I ignored him until I sent the last message to Catherine. I told him that around 9 in the evening, which is right now. 

After I finished my words, Catherine replied to the message where I said she had left without saying good-bye, she explained that she believed she didn't from Paola either, and that she was very cold. I answered almost instantly stating that she did. She hugged her, turned and left. It was alright, tho, it didn't matter. 

There was no answer. An hour later, after midnight, I asked her if what I said was what she wanted to know. I know I didn't really answer her question. But felt the need to continue the conversation. I didn't want to let her go, again. 

"Kinda, but it doesn't matter. I am really sorry, I didn't realize, it was not intentional" 

I said how I had considered asking her a similar question since new years' evening that she mentioned something like "I didn't expect all of this to happen", but that maybe she was right and it didn't matter. 

"To me, I had ended things well with you around March. Months later it was that you deleted me from social networks and stopped talking to me.

"And I told you, that I understood and took it as part of your process. I didn't take it personal, it's just that I got lost in that process. Then the Christmas party happened." 

I told about how it wasn't the break-up, although I didn't really get what had happened until way later, but the trip to Vegas that broke me. 

"What did you expect from Vegas?", she asked missing totally my point. Now I knew why she never apologized, she didn't even realize what had happened. 

I told again the story. I regretted forcing myself to the trip, I was uncomfortable, the back-seat and the conversation the next morning. How they went out with Eusebio and Jessica and after her friend's departure she again contacted me. I deleted her from everything. 

Then I also talked about how I got that she was fine and completely over me. I was happy for her, but how she didn't had to say she understood completely or didn't take it personal. I mentioned how Paola told me she had vented with her, and the comments she made in the party. 

"In the party I was uncomfortable because you were ignoring me, maybe it was because of the alcohol. In the games, it was my turn and you were absent-minded, later you would ask Paola what had I drawn instead of me directly... things like that. That made me uncomfortable and that it was in front of everybody. 

"I never liked seeing you drunk, then even less" instead of a period, she ended the sentence with a laugh. 

"About Vegas, many told me that I shouldn't had invited you. Just because you were my ex, you should not go. 
Honestly I felt pressured when you said you wanted to go to Chicago. Even in another hotel, and started giving these options. All of that stressed the fuck out of me. Because Chicago was something for me. Practically I went to Chicago to do all of which you once complained. 
"Not thinking that I'd do it because you didn't like it, but because I do. 
"I went to all the tourist attractions, I went to the Pokemon Go Fest, I played on the streets. Honestly I don't remember that you ever said you wanted to go to Chicago. 

"I even felt bad for not inviting you and gave you the option of Vegas. Because to me it was the best. Chevo and Jessi would go, and we would all go in group. Because is my relationship with Carlos causes you something, we never were a couple.

"Getting to Vegas I said 'fuck it, we're here'... but you were distant since the moment you saw me. And Carlos wasn't present." 

She then recounted what she had said about Monica, her being my process and how she didn't want to know or be involved in any of it. 

Thinking about Chicago again left me this huge sting in my heart. I felt again that wound that I thought I had already gotten over with. 

I told her what I said several times of Carlos and her not being my business. How the hurt was from being trapped with them, seeing them. Chicago had hurt because of personal and selfish reasons. In Vegas I had gone to her and she left. And Monica never was something I worked with in therapy. 

She apologized becuase of the misunderstanding. No, there was a misunderstanding because of her shutting me off the conversation the day after Vegas, and she apologized for that. 

"And that it hadn't have been because of therapy, from my point of view doesn't make things that better" again she finished with a laugh.

I explained too much about Monica saying how she had been there for me more than any of the group, ironically before of what would happen later. 10 minutes later I asked her if there was anything left to talk about. Something she wanted to say or ask. Another ten minutes later she replied back negatively and asking me.  

I lied saying no. 

Half an hour later I asked her what was the reason behind contacting me last year. What did she feel or expect? 

"Well, because according to me we were fine
"I told you that my intention was never to lose contact.

That was around noon. I replied with OK. 
6 hours later I explained to her the reason behind my question. I had this idea, maybe even now, that she saw me as this toxic person that only hurt her. That breaking up with me was a point pf pride in her year. And how thinking that it confused me she would want to contact me. I backpedaled in the same message saying that it didn't add anything and how I was only letting everything out. I apologized. 

As I was writing the last paragraph I saw the 'typing words' under her name in the conversation. I freaked out. Then the phone rang with the picture of Eusebio. 

We talked for maybe 15 minutes. He wanted to say happy birthday and explained how he kept calling to the wrong phone. When he mentioned about inviting me to do something Thursday, I heard the notification of the new message. Maybe three times I almost broke down mid-conversation. 

I haven't seen her message. I am nervous about what she might say. I'l look. 

Monica's harsh conversation started just after I sent the last OK to Catherine after my last question. 

"Hopefully you'll stop suffering for people that don't care about you
"Really"

"Wut", it came out of nowhere but at the same time at the most precise moment. 

"That you return to Mexico with an attitude of leaving behind all drama and starting fresh without begging to your friends of UABC"

"I have no friends from UABC" I replied smart-ass-ly. She explained without getting the joke. 

I opened up. It wasn't them, or not only them. I am stressed and feel so much pressure. 

"I do have alcohol issues, and it has to do with all of this. I'm stressed about my university degree, I can't finish the master without that paper. I will be set back for that freaking paper and don't know how to explain to my tutor or mates that is because of me being trans. 
"I can't get a job, not even when I was a cishet white man, who-knows now that I don't have how to proof my studies. I'll have to stay who-knows how many months living in hte city without any income and the pressure of looking for a job and the frustration of not being hired by anyone. 
"I have tons of projects and plans and awesome things that I should be proud about, and yet I feel like a failure for such stupid things. 
"So, yeah, I am stressed about returning to Mexico independently of the high school drama" 

Then she hit where I wouldn't had imagined. 

"Don't tell me your tutor doesn't know you're trans" "Is it that obvious" 

"Yes [...]" 

What? Was she serious? I know it is not true. Not completely and yet, it hit like none other thing had hurt me before. Coming from her, who said I was pretty, how I was this stunning and sophisticated woman. It didn't end there. 

She continued how I should just keep trying. Keep looking. Her brother took 3 months to find something, her ex, 5. It's difficult for everybody, she finished erasing my concerns. 

She continued repeating the same thing. I should not victimize myself and snap out of it. It will be hard but I should not lament and just lick my wounds. I am brilliant and should not throw it all away. I thought about how Said and Diego keep repeating that about Josue. He's brilliant. He's the most intelligent person they know. He had this 20k paying job almost instantly after getting his degree. 

"If you're going to spend your days crying, forget about having real friends. Nobody wants to be anyone's crying shoulder" 

She replied to my "geez thanks" about being obviously trans with a "you asked. And there's nothing bad about it being notorious", again, missing my point. 

"I guess not, but I don't like thinking that I look like a man" 

"Well, you need an intervention, girl. Snap out of it. I don't like thinking that I have uglier teeth than the brittish. Itzel doesn't like thinking that because of being so short and her enormous bust she looks like a hunchback and a milking cow.
"Gotta live with it" 

Why was she being this aggresive? I didn't tell about being in bed all day yesterday. I didn't mention about thinking about killing myself again. I hide it all too well. Or at least I thought I did. 

"I know you're trying to help, I get it, I appreciate it. Thanks, but let's let it die here. 
" I know it's hard to just hear me complain, I've been trying not to do it. Sorry if I'm this Debbie Downer. I'll work on it. 
"With the guys, I get it. With the university and all of that, I'll deal with it. About my appearance I can't do anything. It is my biggest insecurity and I don't want to talk about it. 
"Sorry. I am really thankful that you want to help." 

She didn't let it die. 

"Fortunately it's something aestetic. If it were something serious, then it'd be fucking tough. You're so much more than the physical, but it seems that you have forgotten. I hope you will find peace. I wont tell you any more because it is a pain in the ass to hear this. That you complain, we all do. But you cry everyday because of the same thing, and is because you're not content with anything and that depends only in you. Forget about looking for pep talks and see what your psychologist says. You know way more than that. There's nothing we can tell you us who love you, until you realize what's going on. Been there. I'm being this pain in the ass because I think everyone's pampering you with 'yeah, poor Sofi' and 'how are things in Tijuana, everything OK?'. Be the bad guy. It's ok feeling insecure, we're human. Eventually that feeling will come. Just don't let it ruin your happiness. You deserve way more than that. There. I won't say anything more. 

"I'll shut the fuck up, and make me something to eat." 

To her, too, I sent another message around 6pm. She hasn't answered. She hasn't even received it. For a moment I worried that she had blocked me as well. 

Catherine's message said: 

"Uhm no. I don't see you as a person who just hurt me. I have many nice memories, I learned and discovered many things with you. I'm thankful of everything we went through and don't regret anything. That I told you
"Only near the end it wasn't healthy anymore, neither to me, nor I for you. And I also told you that I wanted to break up because I didn't want us to end badly" 

Well, shit. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-09
Words:   790
Minutes: 17

Everything keeps turning worse and worse. 

Last night I didn't slept. Not continuously anyway, or more than half and hour. I felt the warmth of Nymeria on my legs but it wasn't enough. After Catherine's last message I didn't reply, although I had the words at the tip of my fingers. I would let it until the morning. By then I had realized that it was a compulsion with the purpose of only keeping the conversation going. 

It was 5:30 in the morning, when Luis opened the door to tell me the bathroom was empty. He left it open and I was irritated, angry. I shut it with a slam. Minutes later my dad would open it again. In the darkness I didn't recognize him and just complained. He thought someone had fallen. I closed it again and tried to sleep fruitlessly. 

I showered and, did I cry in the shower? Was it today or my birthday? 

I put on my clothes and finished packing the suitcase. My mom drove me. This time I didn't feel the sorrow of leaving my dog behind. I was just numb and tired. Void. 

At the airport I checked the baggage and my mum bought me coffee. She asked me if I had stopped taking the antidepressants. She's worried. All of them are. I should be as well. 

Way back in the morning, just after showering, or was it before?, I sent Catherine the message. I put an emoticon with a twisted mouth and apologized for making everything this difficult. 

She answered while I was showering, only a couple of minutes later 

"Ps es tu sentir", well, it's how you feel. What does that even mean? 

I guess I should leave it there. I thought about a couple of days, maybe weeks. I could wait a month until her birthday. 

I read the whole flight. Almost the whole flight. The last half an hour I listened to music and cried looking out the window. When we took off, I saw the university, Plaza Rio, the international highway. I remember how she narrated when she flew to Chile and cried seeing all of those places, our places. 

Monica sent me a message. I was worried that she'd be angry or upset because I didn't took well her 'snap out of it' speech. I guess she wasn't. 

Yesterday I put back the name in Catherine's contact. It's weird seeing her name, pretending that things are better when they are not. 

I sometimes went back to the conversation to see if she were online. Paola posted about some hoodies for Valentines'. We could order some for the group. I thought about Monica, she's right. That was lame, that was stupid and corny and I would only waste money in something I wouldn't even care about. And yet I didn't say no. 

When we landed I received a series of e-mails, one of them about the meeting of the committee yesterday. In it they stated how, for the research visits, those longer than a month would require that the applicant had taken his or her final exam and to have the signed approval of all the tutors. If that were the case, it would be approved. But they could not tell us the amount of stipend nor when would they give it to us. In bold they stated, If the starting date of the visit is before the date of the publication of the approvals, then they would no longer be able to give us the stipend. Not only that, but they had no information about when that date would be. 

The woman had the nerve to ask us to confirm of received. If we had any doubts to tell her. 

I felt this sadness and disappointment surge over me. Other opportunity down the drain. I was so excited about that. I am already leaving this room. I saw it as this sure thing and it was gone. 

I would need to present my final exam. The research is done, the results are done. It's just to redact them. But... but... I wanted to be out of her when the guys would travel to Monterrey. I wanted to have this for once. 

Maybe we can shorten it. Maybe we can postpone it. Maybe, just maybe I won't lose this too. 

A couple came to see the room. The friend of Maleny told her to tell them about the cleaning. "That they do it". I felt like thrash again. I didn't do what I had to. I can't do anything right. 

I feel this pressure and uncertainty and I just want to explode. 

I can't wait anymore for tomorrow's session, although I don't even know from where to begin.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-10
Words:   779
Minutes: 1

I am really tired. I went to bed almost straight when I got home. I got up now at 9:30 pm and still don't feel the energy to do the words.

Cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheatingcheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheatingcheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheatingcheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating Cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheatingcheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheatingcheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheatingcheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating
 cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheatingcheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating
 cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-11
Words:   984
Minutes: 30

I just woke up from a nightmare. It's 8 o'clock. I thought I wouldn't do the words again. I feel tired, sad. I, again, slept most of the day. 

In the nightmare I was with the group, it was this kind of restaurant. Was it the group-group? I remember Catherine being there, I hugged a woman by the end who was her mother, but really didn't look like here. Maybe it was the same with the other guys? No. We all were lying over the tables as if we were sleeping. I was next to both Jessica and Paola. We were kind of hugging, spooning. They were them. 

By the end my father came to pick me up and it was when all went to shit. We couldn't find my shoes, and he started treating me like this kind of freak. He whispered stuff in my ear. I begged him to talk of it later. A blonde woman was outside, I remember wondering if it was Monica. She wasn't. 

Yesterday the stuff about my research visit to Maryland kind of cleared out. Kind of. Eduardo sent me a Telegram message when I was waiting by the end of the street for the bus to come. In it he asked me if I was going to the lab. He would leave around 1 in the afternoon, and we had to talk about the visit and the e-mail. 

When I got there he was talking to this guy about his options for grad school. His project and where could he apply. Half an hour later, when he left, I just turned in my chair and asked him "So, what do think about the e-mail" 

"Stupid..."

He called Barrios, Aliza's tutor. The chatted for around 5 minutes and then we talked. There was no problem with the fourth and final exam. They could all just sign it without issue. About the date of departure and publication of the results, Barrios had told him that it was unusual that they didn't have it yet. It usually comes out by now. 

So the conclusion was that we would just wait. If by the end of the month there were no news, we would just change the date, he would apologize with Dardo, but this is how things are in this country. But there was still the possibility that we didn't have to do that. 

So there was that. We talked about what was left to do. I wouldn't just write the paper alone, I would make the draft and he'd finish it. I have still to send a letter to the editorial team of the journal. I had to sent it to him by yesterday and I haven't done it. 

I waited for him to leave before going to eat. I was the last person to leave the office around 2:30 pm. I had my therapy session at 4. I went to le petite. I thought I would eat alone, but I saw Said and Javi sitting. They were surprised when I didn't order a beer. I explained generally why. 

"Did you take something? Anything? Maybe the drinks were adultered? It's too little to get to that point".

Yeah, the were right. I have drunk more before without getting like that. 

"It was the emotional mood you were in". I made no mention of Catherine. Said broke up with his girlfriend, too. 

"I finished my 3 year relationship"

I got late to my session. It was mostly just narrating what had happened and why I felt like shit. I will see Faust again weekly. "It's not that everything's lost. It's normal in every kind of treatment to get kind of a relapse. But things will get better, this time might be easier... There is no longest night that doesn't see the light of day". 

He has this idea that I get nothing out of the group. "You are 'filled with poison' right now, so you must let it all out. That's why they are called 'toxic people', because of the poison you get with them". 

I don't buy it. I am the poisonous one. I am the one whom everyone should leave behind. 

The bus to my house pass just moments before I reached the bus stop. I grabbed the next one to the office and then caught up with it. At least now I know that it does pass there. 

I came home and went almost straight to bed. It was around 6 in the afternoon. I slept all of the afternoon and the set of night. 

I woke up around two hours before midnight. Then later again around 3 in the morning. I saw a the final episodes of FMA. 

I left the room because someone came to see it. This time it was a doctor. Or a med student, more precisely. Yesterday it was a couple, were they doctors, too? 

I would mention how I receive no message from neither Mon nor Cath. Catherine would and will not send me a message. Why do I keep expecting her and missing her? I was better. I swear I didn't feel like this anymore. 

I woke up around the three alarms I had set for today but decided against going to the lab. I stayed in bed most of the morning. My roommate's friend put on loud music after noon. I had slept already more than 14 hours and yet I was exasperated because of it. 

Eduardo publicize the neurohackademy to the rest of the lab. I was disappointed. I wanted it for myself. To try and either get accepted or rejected without their knowing. 

Just now he sent me a message if he could ask me a question. It was about this friend who had a trans woman colleague that wanted to do the legal changes... 

So, I guess Monica was right and everybody knows and notices. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-12
Words:   760
Minutes: 20

I debated the idea with myself for most of these last days. I had thunk that there was no point in making any statements; I would not see them for the rest of this semester and maybe by then everything would just fade away. But then again, I would be paying money for a symbol of what I don't really have, what is hurting. 

Around my six in the morning I sent the message. I need this to stop. I might have stop cutting my skin, but I am slicing my soul over and over with hurting memories. 

"Pao, you haven't made the order of the hoodies, right? I'm going to cancel. Don't order mine, sorry.
"If you've made it, it doesn't matter, I'll pay for it and you can give it to Paola."

Not much later I slept again. All of the morning I spent it in sleep. Lately I've been sleeping way too much.  I didn't see her answer until 2 in the afternoon, even though she sent it just an hour after my message. 

"No, just today I was going to make the deposit.
"How about that, Sofi?"

"I don't know how to explain it. 
"I've been thinking about it and I think the best for everybody, but mostly for myself, is that I take do take some space.

"I don't flow well with everyone, and it's not just Catherine. Now in Tj I hurt myself deeply everytime I saw all of you guys. You saw how I was the 5th. It's also the ignored messages, the chat about the apartments, feeling like I don't belong anymore and forcing myself to stay in the group. 

"I know it's all me, my fault, but, regardless, at lest for now, I am hurting myself wanting to stay there. 

"And right now, the hoodies saying 'best friends' after all of this, is like rubbing salt on the wound."

She has not answered, and probably won't. What can you say to something like that? 

I felt both appreciated and bothered when Monica sent me a message yesterday asking how I was doing. 

Isn't that what I wanted from them since the beginning? A 'how you doing' message now and then, a little reciprocity in looking for each other. A shown of interest. 

Why do I resent it from another friend? 

It's the same with the dating apps. Matches keep coming, I keep sweeping and ignoring them. What do I want from them? First I cynically resent them knowing they won't start the conversation, they will just ignore me; and then, when they do, I am the one who doesn't answer. Don't I want to meet them? Don't I want to be with someone, anyone? 

I feel like this unattractive, unlovable, broken person. Just yesterday I matched with maybe 5 or 10 people from both the apps. I've received the phone number of one and another sent me a message. I haven't answered and probably never will.

 How will I not stay alone if I push everybody away? 

I have two items in my to-do list and I haven't started any of them. Just update my CV and redact the inquiry letter to the journal. One hour, tops, is the time it would take me to finish. But I can't start. Even just doing my words, is tiring. 

I want to lie down on the bed, hide under the sheets and keep dying. 

I showered today. I shaved. 

A woman rang the doorbell around 4 in the afternoon. I tried to ignore it and just turn towards the wall to keep sleeping. Then she hit the door. It could be my roommate or one of her damned friends. I got up and went without my glasses. I opened the door and barely recognized she was an older woman that I haven't seen before. I covered with my hand the depression stubble of not shaving since Thursday. She apologized about waking me up. Who apologizes for waking up somebody at 4 in the afternoon? She called me a girl, a sweet girl. 

I am 26, with less than 3 years on female hormones. I am in no sense of the word a girl. 

It was about smoking. Cigarette butts thrown out of the window. I don't smoke. Now it's less of a lie than before. I haven't smoked since the Christmas party. I haven't drunk since Christmas. I don't feel the urge to smoke and yet I would do almost anything for a bottle of liquor right now. 

Maybe I am an alcoholic. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-13
Words:   0
Minutes: 0



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-14
Words:   1166
Minutes: 18

I missed the words. It was around 5 in the morning when I realized I had forgotten something. What was it that brought it to my attention?

I was reading this book. "Normal People". It's about this Irish couple. It narrates their lives, their encounters and missteps. It goes from their time in high school, towards the end of their college life. It made me think about Catherine and me. A couple of years before, I would had thunk about Monica and me. 

It's weird how things turn around. At this time last year things were great with Catherine. They were, weren't they? I had no news about Monica but the usual dreams. When would I had imagined that a year later, I would be receiving Monica's messages out of the blue like yesteryears and Catherine would be the ghost. 

Both of the characters in the novel were unlikable. No, they were flawed. I hated him and how he was embarrassed of being seen with her, hiding their relationship. Her self-loathing and bad perception of herself made me uncomfortable, her idea that she was broken and deserved that people treated her like shit because she was so unlovable and dis-likable. Except the latter is how I feel right now and the former is what happened at first when Catherine and I started being a boy-girl couple and then a girl-girl couple. 

So I thought about my journals. The jumps in time, the narration of this slice of life. And then I remembered and saw the time and realized it was 5 in the morning. In just a couple of hours I would need to get out of bed and get ready for the day. 

It wasn't just that. I spent, again, the whole day in bed. Not as extremely as my birthday's eve, but still not normal. My mum sent me a message this morning when I was on the bus to the lab. How was I, how had I been. 

I didn't lie, but I didn't get into details either. I made no mention of how every hour I feel this urge to cry my soul out. How I keep this shadow over me that presses me down and suffocates me. But that's not what I wanted to get into when I started last paragraph. There was another theme of the book. 

The guy fucked things up. He invited another girl to the dance and the girl dropped out of school. She ignored his calls and messages. And just as they met months later at the college they both went to, after every problem they kept meeting each other, talking to each other just to drift again. They loved and were attracted to each other, and yet they had other lovers or toxic partners. But they were best friends, they understood each other and were with each other after all those months they didn't exchange a word. 

And just as I've been wanting to cry all month, I had this urge to reach out to her. In the morning I decided not to. In a couple of weeks it will be her birthday and I could do what she did. In a couple of days it will be my therapy session and I can talk about this and be dissuaded by Faust. 'What do I expect from this? In what way does this would make me feel better? How could I see this helping me in the long run?' 

He would give me tools to not do it, to control this anxiety and melancholy. To not succumb to nostalgia. 

I posted a picture of the drawing of us I made years ago. The one of the two girls wearing dresses and our names written in Ellian's script. At first I couldn't decipher it. Then it hit me. It wasn't Cath, it was Chris. "Saudade": a deep emotional state of nostalgic or profound melancholic longing for an absent something or someone that one loves. It often carries a repressed knowledge that the object of longing might never return.

I fantasized about her seeing it. Of course she wouldn't. Even when we had each other on social networks, she said she didn't go to my profiles. Once I told her I was seeing hers and she didn't get it. When I asked her if she ever went to mine, she answered, baffled "Why would I?" 

Later I saw a reply she made to a tweet of Carlos from 2014. A picture of the meal she had prepared for both of them. She just commented a red heart. "Because if my relationship with Carlos bothers you, we were never a couple". I went to think how it would be almost impossible for her to just scroll all the way to then, like I did in Summer after Vegas. Maybe she looked at her own notifications and mentions, she scrolled those and got there. Maybe their conversation made her think about that and she looked for it there. Maybe one of those media views from my pictures was in fact hers, and sent her on a nostalgia trip down her own twitter. But, who was I kidding, of course it wasn't. 

So the picture would be another lost message. Like the ones that I say because I want them out of me more than I want them to arrive somewhere. 

The message I did send her wasn't one of those, though. I cited her message stating that she told me how her intention wasn't to lose communication, asking: "Do you still feel the same way? about staying in contact" 

Half an hour later I sent another, continuing: 

"I was thinking about how I wouldn't want just one day to send you a message out of the blue like nothing had happened, after, well, everything... But I guess there is not much difference to this"

That was more than an hour ago. 

She was online then in FB messenger, and she's online now, too. 

One of the reasons I stopped talking to her when her friend Carlos arrived was because of a feeling like this. I hated how once, after her not seeing my message, I saw her online in FB. I asked her. She wasn't mad, just surprised about how I never had done that before. I was surprised, as well, how dependent I had gotten. I just had this image of her seeing the notification and swiping it away. And I felt crushed. 

Except that, then, I was a hurting coming from a deep insecurity and untreated emotional issues, and now, her ignoring it is a completely normal response after months of me ignoring her and deleting her from everywhere. 

How can I be hurt that she has gotten over me in every single way? I pushed her to do that. 

I wanted her to hurt me just as Marianne wanted her partners to hurt her as well. 

Maybe she will answer tomorrow. Or perhaps she just wont. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-15
Words:   896
Minutes: 23

I didn't go to the Institute nor apply the injection. I could not sleep almost all night. It was around 5 in the morning, no, my flatmate had already left, so it was after 6, when I could sleep. It's Tuesday anyway. Everybody knows we don't go Tuesdays. 

It's 6 in the afternoon and I feel like it's night already and the whole day has passed. 

Catherine did answer. I... I read it in one way, and then realized it she meant otherwise and now that I read it a third time I can't seem to comprehend what has been said. 

"Honestly, I don't know, it's been a long time since we talked. I know that if sometime there were another gathering I wouldn't like seeing you as a stranger.

"I don't know to what extent I could recover the communication."

"It's fine, I get it. I imagined it". 

It was both something that caught me off guard and that I had completely thunk it could happen. She didn't let it there, though. If she had had, I don't know what I would had done. Would I had continued talking? Would I had let it die until her birthday? 

"I won't deny you a message nor I am asking you to not talk to me. 

"But from me, independently of who you are, it's difficult to give you back my trust or go back to talking as if nothing happened.

"Because at this point, we are both strangers." 

That last bit killed me. And I told her in my subsequent messages. Right afterwards I told her how I would had preferred she had omitted that last message, but how I completely got her. I mentioned how I had missed her and that I knew things would never be as they were so I wasn't really asking her that. I finished saying my intention wasn't to bother her nor upset her. That I had asked her a question and she answered. 

Then she took almost half an hour writing her response. In it, again, I can't tell if she's upset, if she's mad at me or she felt bad about how she took my question. Maybe a little bit of everything, I guess? 

"I know it was dramatic, 7 years of our lives haven't banished. But at least these months things had happened, things happened to me and I don't know what has happened to you, I ignore all of that. 

"And I don't know if I should tell you this; look me up.

"If it interests you, if you want it, do it. 

"More than once I was the one who reached out. And I did until I felt I couldn't anymore, even with your terse responses, even your 'seen's. 

"You don't know how hard it was for me not to contact you when you deleted me, I told you that it doesn't hurt that you don't follow me on the media, to me that's not important. But I was worried not knowing about you, that's why I wrote once or twice in that time.

"I just took my distance, because it's not your fault that I had done those things, you didn't ask me to be there. I loved you before starting the relationship because I don't see any other answer to why I kept seeking you. 

"You know what hurt me that you talk with Monica... That over the years you keep seeking her. 

"Now with my messages I tell you that I don't know to what degree I can recover our communication... I am not saying it won't come back, or that I don't want to, simply that I don't know it would be as before, that I won't deny you a message or I am asking not to talk. And your answer is practically saying good-bye...

"So, no, I am not seeking you anymore. I never closed you the door of communication."

That was her last message until this morning. On my part I wrote her almost a book of the bible. 

I thought about it, and even now am not completely convinced this is the right thing. I won't ever get over her if I keep doing this. We broke up, I was dumped. I had every right not to seek her. But I wanted to, I want to. 

I don't feel better, though. So maybe my grievance is not completely about her. With her message I thought it would be me sending her messages and she reading them. But she has asked questions, she has continued the conversations. Maybe she has missed me, too. 

I don't know for how long this will go on. Maybe in time we will talk like before. Maybe in a couple of weeks we will drift apart in not so bad terms. Maybe I will see something or feel something and explode to her, again, and ruin everything, again. I don't know. 

With Monica I sent her a message saying how I did miss her. 

"Well, I don't, lol." 

The conversation kept and I made no mention of my disappointment. She sensed it, tho. After she said good-bye she came back. 

"But before I go, were you upset that I told you I don't miss you?"

A little, I lied. And just went back to laying out what was filling my heart to Catherine's inbox. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-16
Words:   894
Minutes: 32

It happened again. At first I thought I could avoid it. 

I felt ill since I woke up. I could not sleep very well. I went to bed around 8 and slept a couple of hours. Maybe it was around midnight when I woke up. Catherine did answer my message about the fights of my parents. In the afternoon we had talked a little about the process of my graduation, how I had practically finished my master already and just needed to write and publish my paper. I let out a little steam about the frustration of not being able to graduate in time because of my degree and my inability to get hired for any job. She mentioned how I had talked about it. I think she referred to not getting out on time. 

After, like an hour after that conversation ended, I mentioned how my parents almost got divorced. I might had exaggerated a little. Maybe she noticed. Why do I keep talking about things that make me miserable? 
She asked what had happened around nine and I answered back when I woke up at midnight. 

The conversations are mostly her asking questions about what I say, exploring, clarifying or just continuing the conversation. She did answered my question about her own parents, though. How they are not grieving yet because of her grandma being cremated. 

I asked her about her, but she missed, or ignored, my question. I told her about what had happened, the meeting with the endocrinologist and the fight. I mentioned how usually when parents separate the children blame themselves, but this time it was because of me, or mostly L. 

She asked why. I didn't really know how to explained it. I tried, but the conversation died. 

I read a while and returned to sleep around 5 hours later. I postponed the alarm to 15 minutes before 9. There was something inside of me that wasn't right. I could not describe and even now I can't really find the words. It wasn't just tiredness, nor a tingling sensation like in the shower, or the inner feeling of danger and catastrophe. 

I got in the shower and almost finished alright. Moments before closing the faucet, I felt tingling in my thighs. There was this mild nausea emerging from my inside. I didn't dry myself and instead sat in the toilet. I thought it could fade in a while. I sat and my respiration went out of control. The inner sense of doom. I hid my head in my knees and waited for it to fade. When a couple of minutes passed and mistakenly thought I was alright I patted myself dry. I stood up and wrapped myself in the towel. I felt lightheaded and instead of going to the sink to shave, or even grabbed my clothes, I went to my room. I left the door open and went straight to the bed. I remember opening my eyes and realizing I had missed the bed. I was naked and kneeling next to the bed with the door opened. My flatmate left yesterday in her holiday trip, maybe even if she hadn't she would be already away in her job anyway, but still I don't think I'd ever be naked with the door open. 

I I got up and lied over the towel on the mattress for a couple of minutes. I did shaved and picked up my clothes. Even though I lost a couple of minutes, I was earlier than I had thought. I stopped by the dr for my shot. I didn't applied it myself this time. Maybe the next one. The dr suggested me to buy this type of black syringes, or pediatric ones. The normal ones pierce the skin and hurt more, she said. I could try them. 

Said and Viviana were in the lab since the early morning. He had a subject for his project. I started working on the manuscript. Now that I did start it doesn't seem so impossible. I can do it. 

 Around 11 Catherine continued yesterday's conversation. "And how is L?" I replied with two long messages. After eating, and having a beer, even though I had said that I would stop drinking, I sent her another one telling about my fainting. 

She answered back when I was just leaving the bank after paying for the inscription of the new semester. 

"She apologized, saying she was at work. Probably was on her break. She continued saying her mother had called her saying the sister of her grandma had died and they would go to Mexicali. She has been talking with her on her breaks. 

"Everything alright, but my mom is is sensitive to the theme of death." 

Her last message was a direct reply of the one about my fainting asking if it was today. 

When I answered back, I guess she was back from her break. 

In the morning I had resolved that I would not continue the conversation. I would wait a day, or a couple. But why? Wasn't a big issue from her messages that I didn't seek her? Why do I feel this need to avoid any show of vulnerability? Why am I so afraid of being ignored, not even rejected? 

Is this why I didn't continue the conversation with Monica after she denied missing me?  



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-17
Words:   1125
Minutes: 20

I decided against going to the office moments before the first alarm. Neither Viviana nor Said would go today. Diego is busy now with his exam. I had planned about going and continuing redacting the manuscript according to the guide for Jama and the paper I had found. I could eat in the place outside of tacos and then leave for therapy. I even put the hours in my calendar. 

I was so tired. I postponed first the alarm to 9 in the morning. Or was it 10? I could went around noon and just eat and leave. What was the point then? It would be better just eat here and go straight to my session. And so I deleted all of the alarms. I kept dreaming but can't recall now any of them. Something of Nymeria. A park like Six Flags and the gang. I had the feeling of postponing my leaving, as I were postponing the alarms and my time of getting up. 

I had to get up at 1:40 pm so I could have enough time to get ready and arrive at 4. Even that was hard. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared about fainting again. 

Catherine didn't answer the message. Was it something to be answered? Maybe she read it as the end of the conversation. Is our communication even something to be worth saving? I wasn't wrong when I said we would never be as we were. There will never be another going to San Diego, or crossing back to Tijuana with the stuff we bought. No more trips to Ensenada, or LA, or anywhere. No more nights lying on the cushions in Argana and smoking and talking and laughing. No more shared nights, be them under the sheets or through our phones. 

Maybe she wasn't that wrong when she said we were now strangers. 

I didn't wait for the direct bus to Faust's. I instead went to the Lab and bought a bag of chips so I could get change. I didn't wait that much for the other bus. 

I got around 20 minutes earlier and bought a bottle of water. I sat on the curb outside the building with my phone. What was I doing? Was I reading something? Looking for something or someone? I was just listening to music. No. I remember now. 

When I got to the lab, I read the messages of Telegram. There were some in the group of students and a direct one from Eduardo. The latter was younger than 15 minutes, and said Jama had rejected our paper. The former was a long conversation about the rejection of their paper from translational. They had good reviews with minimum commentaries and instead the editor chose to reject it. 

Maybe the publication of mine won't be as straightforward as I had hoped. I mean, it's not as if I were going to be delayed because of a late publication. 

I was sitting when I saw Faust arriving to the door. Did he see me first? He waved first. I got to him and we went upstairs. He let me sat a couple of minutes in his office before our time started. 

I... I did think about what I was going to talk, didn't I? I broke down almost immediately. 

I feel broken, I fear I will end up alone and nobody will ever love me. 

He proposed an exercise where I would write down the 12 things I would want to dispose, my 12 monsters or demons. I cried before I even started. He kept them for later sessions. We passed to another exercise of relaxation. I tried to calmed myself, but he even noticed how I looked like a roller-coaster. Going up and down in my own anxiety. As we finished I felt just as I did when I went back with Paola to the salon in her building. I scratched my own legs and squirmed in my own body. 

When will I ever get better? 

I had resolved of not talking to either of the girls today. I could wait a couple of days to "seek" her out. Should even continue doing that? Shouldn't I follow her example and dedicate time to myself? Work on me? 

Like last week, as I crossed the pedestrian bridge I saw my bus go through. I decided to sit and wait for the next one, I could see the interval between them. 45 minutes. I waited almost an hour and got home after that same time riding it. 

I ate an omelette and finished my meal with a sandwich. I thought about the days before my leaving the apartment and dreaded posting the sale ad for this desktop that I am typing on and the chair in which I am seated. 

It's less than two weeks. What if I don't sell them? I took the pictures and posted the ad. 

Catherine did send a message. She replied to the one I asked about her talking to her mum on her breaks, but didn't answered the question. Her parents left yesterday and would arrive later today. She stayed on her job. A couple of her friends from Chile went to Tijuana and she let them sleep in her house. They all went to dinner and breakfast today. She gave them a ride to the bus station. She could not ask for permission on her job. 

Why did that last part stung? I remembered her excuses last year. She would not even get permission while Carlos were there. She would still go to the job, how could I not get that? That's what I could not ever understand, the reason she could not come visit. She then had 2 weeks free. "No, they weren't 2 weeks, just 4 days", or were they 6? It doesn't matter. 

She asked about my fainting. Had I gone to the doctor? What does he or she say? 

I said hypo-tension and stress as surely as if it were something an expert had said. I made no mention of therapy and instead talk shit about my endocrinologist. I thought about talking about my breast pain, but decided against it. It seems like I only talk to her to complain about things. Like old times. 

I, instead, asked her, again, how she were doing. And complemented with a question about her heart and health. 

She went back from her break, I guess. 

I might get my answer around midnight, or tomorrow. 

Monica sent me a meme about the 10 year challenge, a set of two pictures of small breasts under a blouse with her caption of "me". 

The conversation died prematurely and I felt no urge to resurrect it. 

Maybe tomorrow. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-18
Words:   760
Minutes: 0

Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-19
Words:   1008
Minutes: 25

I forgot about the words yesterday and just remembered 15 minutes shy of midnight. It was a day just like any other, except it wasn't. 

I was on the bus to the Institute when I received Catherine's answer to my message. It was a question responding to my fainting. "Isn't there something that helps you lower the stress levels or prevent the lower blood pressure?". 

Then she answered my own question regarding her health, her heart. It was well. She didn't even think about it, hadn't gave any notice until my question. We half-talked a couple of minutes. She would leave for work. Even though she had the sentri card now, the traffic still made her leave a couple of hours before her entry time. 

Did I make another question? No, I just said: "Right, well, have a good one". 
And it all ended. Again. For the day. 

The office was empty when I got in around 10 and a half. The guys came all three together maybe an hour later. Why wasn't I with them? I sure knew about Diego's rehearsal, they said. Except I didn't. "You were with us when Martha gave us the hall." Except I wasn't. It didn't matter. 

All day they stood with Diego helping him with his slides for Monday. I mentioned the rejection of Jama, but they kind of ignored it. Diego's test is way more important, I get it, though. 

I actually started redacting and making it. Now it doesn't seem that impossible of a task. Maybe I can finish it. At 1 pm we went to eat and decided against coming back. In the evening they would come pick up the desk and the chairs. I will be leaving this room in less than two weeks. Francisco saw my ad and asked me about it. He offered me to crash at his place for a couple of nights if I needed. I told him that I might need only a week after January if everything turns out right. 

I was eating when I saw the e-mail that everything, in fact, wouldn't. 

It was an update about the funding. They had no news about the publication of the results, and even after they were published, anyone who wanted to leave for a research stay or a congress, would need to put in the application a month (in bold) before the event. 

It was frustrating, but mostly just tiring. 

My flatmate has just came in. I had thought about cleaning, mopping the floor of the kitchen. "The apartment is disgusting". What's the point now. 

I went out and said hi, mentioned, too, how the girl never really came. "Oh yeah, they all said they would come when I were here". Thanks for the heads-up. 

In the cafe I commented about the just received e-mail, moments after I instantly forwarded it to Eduardo. 
"It's like they don't want anyone to actually go". No, it looks like they don't. I received a message in Telegram from Ed. "I saw the e-mail. They are dumb. Look, let's just postpone it a month and a half or two". He later corrected himself "Just schedule it as close to when you're going to present your thesis as possible". 

There were so many wrong things with that. I am leaving in less than two weeks. It's impossible to rent something for less than three months, even then it's hard, going for two or one...  My next endocrinologist appointment will be around May, I can't postpone it that much. My thesis, my exam... I won't be presenting them any time soon. I don't have any news about my degree. 

I just wrote an OK and finished my meal. 

And my beer. 

The guy would send his friend for the furniture around 8pm. When I got to the house I put the stuff on the desk away and took it out of the room. I did took the table off the legs and left everything in the living room. 

He did come and took the stuff away. He paid me in cash and my room looks empty now. Lifeless. 

Like I, on the inside. 

Around 10 I sent a message to Catherine saying that they had taken the furniture. She replied this morning. 

I asked Monica to proofread my CV. I did finish it lastly. She said to remove the Honors and Awards part, 'nobody really gives a shit'. Except she's wrong. It's an academic CV, it's the only part that all of the examples shared. 

This morning she sent me a message before Catherine. It said she was envious of my CV. 

I ignored it just like I ignored the other one. "Where are you going to move?" 

I explained about the Airbnb and my not knowing of March. She kept asking. But why am I leaving? Couldn't I just stay here? Is it rented already? I kept explained and even once said I didn't want to talk about it. 'It's like I just talk about the bad stuff of my life with you', 10 minutes later I told her how I am not comfortable here, my flatmate makes me uncomfortable and I hated that she told her friends about me being trans. 

Of course she did not answer. Probably won't until tomorrow. 

Almost every day since we've talked I have told myself I would let the conversation die. Just today I won't say anything, send anything. 

Will my flatmate mop the kitchen floor? She would have another reason for thinking I am a slob. She's better without me. Everyone probably is. 

There was a dinner party at the house of the boyfriend of Omar, from CONAPRED. I hadn't realized until I received a notification in Facebook. I should go tomorrow to Yaaj. Even if just so I can leave the house. 

I want to sleep, though. Although I won't be able to if they come see the room. 

"Do yourselves a favor and go outside to see the moon" she tweeted with a heart. 

Go fuck yourself. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2019-01-20
Words:   762
Minutes: 19

I didn't want to get up from the bed. I had the alarm a quarter before 11. Yesterday I could not sleep. I posted a tweet at 4 in the morning "I don't know which are worse, the nightmares that wake me or the thoughts that don't let me sleep". I exchanged a couple of messages with my mum. I'd be lying if I said I did not check if Catherine were online. With Monica I did not exchange any message all weekend. The last one was on Friday, she said she'd been meaning to talk but had been very busy at work. She had notices about Rodrigo, he had sent her a friend request on Facebook. That was it. 

Maleny came in the evening and then left. Around 8 I went into bed but did not sleep. I heard sounds, and imagined her mopping the floor of the kitchen, what I had the intention of doing, maybe reducing a little the image she has of me of a dirty lazy fuck. Now, again, she cleaned. 

I heard the sound of the door and stayed in bed. I put another episode of whatever I was watching. When I went to the restroom I even saw the clean floors in the dark. Later in the night I heard her return with a friend. They went into her bedroom. She didn't stay the night, though. She left after midnight. 

In the morning, I finally got up at 11 and showered. I felt the beginnings of the symptoms again, but nothing happened this time. I shaved. I put on my clothes and got ready. My flatmate left moments after that. Before leaving I went into the kitchen and realized the floors weren't spotless. Nobody mopped them. I blamed myself and drowned in guilt for something that didn't happen. I mean, sure, she sure thought the apartment is disgusting, but whatever. 

"How was your Family Sunday? What did you do?" I thought about sending but decided against it. I took my laptop and my backpack with me. After the conference I could go to the usual cafe and work for a while. Eduardo sent me a recent paper of predicting the effectiveness of rTMS with neuroimage. 

I stopped to eat near Yaaj. They took really long before bringing me my food. While I was waiting I saw a shadow approaching. When I looked up, I recognized Sofia. She asked me if I weren't going to the group. I nodded and explained I was just eating before. 

I got 40 minutes later. I only stood for a little more than half of the session and yet it was exhausting. I dreaded my turn and what I would be saying. I didn't want to make mention of my dark moment nor my anxiety, nor the problems in the apartment or the conversations with Catherine, I didn't want to remember the streak of bad moments in Tijuana. I didn't want to share. And I didn't care about their problems. 

The talk wasn't for me, either. I took my phone and opened the maps to see where was the cafe. It wasn't more than 3 minutes, when the speaker approached me and asked if everything was alright. No, nothing is. "Yeah". "You are distracting me, could yo turn it off?". Fuck. 

Now I had to pay attention. Now I was embarrassed as shit and felt all eyes on me. It didn't help that no less than three times I clenched my soul so tears would stop flowing through my eyes. 

"They took the women to Jesus. She was accused of adultery. The laws of Moises stated that she ought to be stoned. Either Jesus approved and then all his talk about love and forgiveness was horseshit, or he would deny the law of god. It was the only moment in the bible were it's stated that he knew how to write. He wrote something on the sand, but it blew and we don't know what it was. Everybody read it and he said: 'If any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her'". That was a story I knew before, like all of his talk. Little bits of data that I've gathered from the internet or previous talks. But the next was what broke me. 

"Everyone let the stones fall and left. He went unto her and told her 'See, woman, who is accusing you?', she looked up and said, 'no one'. 'I am not accusing you either. Stop accusing yourself'". 





