------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-01
Words:   771
Minutes: 76

For a minute here I thought yesterday's words had not been saved. I saw the last empty box below the month of October and my heart skipped a beat. Could it be again that I would lose unintentionally the streak of more than a hundred days? Again all this effort thrown away, even after all I went through yesterday, cheating and then working up to the quota in the time before my parting. 

After refreshing the page and returning I saw the complete set of the 31 checked boxes. And in this white page, up there rests the 30 next empty yet-to-be-filled white squares. 

Do I write about yesterday's night or today's day? 

I left home when Anahi told me to meet in the plaza just minutes after Catherine sent a message that she was off her shift. I wore my costume outside my home. This was the third time that I was disguised with the black skirt outside my home and the first time that I was seen in it by the people that live with me. 

I waited outside for the red Uber car to pick me up. There were groups of people supervising children marching in their disguises door to door in the look for candies. Some saw me; other's sights stayed in me for longer. A mother passed and left behind a "good afternoon". 

The car arrived and took me to my destination. I was earlier and I waited. I hide my face in my phone in the conversation with Anahi. I walked towards the Starbucks, our meeting place. I decided not to enter yet. The two closest benches were occupied so I walk to the third. To a side there was a Torta restaurant guarded by person inside a big Torta costume. I sat and he looked at me, although I could not see his eyes. He got closer and closer until he was just by my side. A kid approached us and extended his hand to salute him. He answer his call and return his pretended face towards me. In an awkward state of nervousness I invited him to sit. He took my invitation. More and more children came and surrounded us. One mother asked me if his son could take pictures with him. I guess she thought I was with him. I stood and after a couple of minutes and children, I left. 

Anahi got there and ordered a coffee with me. Mine was a tea and hers a green frappe. We were chatting about stuff and our lives and looking at the people in their disguises, when a group of teenagers wearing a white mask came to the glass behind us and stayed there observing. We glanced at them but tried to stay in our conversation. Another two people from their group stood beside them and took a picture with a camera. Moments later, they left. 

Catherine arrived some time later. 

We went to the Alitas and later Applebee's. The night end and everyone went home. I changed my profile picture. 

Today I woke up and stayed awake. I fed Nymeria and then ate what my grandma made for me. She prepared three burritos but I left one that I would later eat on my way home from the session. 

I met Paola in the University. I got there first and walked around the faculty. At first I felt exposed and nervous. There is almost nobody there that knows or could even recognize me. There were no stands in the building and I sat in the bench of the Language faculty. I felt this ache in my insides, a discomfort that crunched my guts. Paola called me and told me she was on her way. We saw Eddhy in the conference room and told us how there would be no stands but a conference at two in the afternoon. 

We drank a cup of coffee and chatted in the Circle. Like yesterday I gave my name to be called when the order were ready. This time I was called. Time passed and I told her about my departure and plans. She talked about her classes. 

I left and met with my patient. This was the last session of test applications. We didn't agree on a meeting for next week. 

I got home and I've been talking with Melissa and Catherine. Melissa told me that she has said my name to the contact of the organization so I should be ready if somebody adds me or sends me a message. 

Tomorrow I'll see Rene before the meeting. 

There is the pain again. I'm tired. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-02
Words:   819
Minutes: 29

Day of the Dead. I met with Rene earlier than usual. He sent me a text yesterday afternoon telling me how they had just told him that the building would close at noon and ask me if he could set my appointment at 10 in the morning instead. I agreed. I would go out anyway, I had a meeting today in the office. "Office"... it's not an office, it's a clinic, a private clinic where I am a consultant, a freelancing evaluator. 

Anyway, I could not think about something to talk about. I mumbled about my vulnerability and the changes that mark the difference between before or the barely beginning of hormone treatment and now, six months later. How being referred as him by a friend of my patient just moments before of being introduced as Sofia was a hit enough on my self-image, even though she corrected herself almost immediately after. 

I mentioned the occurrence with the waiter and his question about if I was still a miss. "He noted and mentioned my voice", I told him. Do I have to hide it? Is it something that I should be ashamed of? 

I woke up with Nymeria and fed her. This morning I went looking for breakfast and realized later that I was the only person awake. Neither my parents or brothers would go to work or school. My grandma had no reason to get up and prepare breakfast. They probably didn't even know that I would be leaving. I wanted to return to bed, hide under the warm blankets and rest my head on the pillow and my mind in my dreams. 

Did I dream something? It's like I could feel the distant memories of a different reality. There was something about being naked and looking for a bathroom. I woke up before dawn and went to the restroom. 

I showered just after getting completely awake and conscious. I left Nymeria in my room and could hear her hurting barks from the shower. Even after an absence of half an hour, my return to my room is celebrated by excited hops and energetic barks. 

Just know I have her sitting on my lap with her head resting on the desk between my forearms. I see her round big black eyes hidden in her white thin fur and the warm of her body over mine begs me to embrace her and keep her close and smell her and kiss her. I don't think I've ever felt this kind of love and affection for another living being. It's different from all the kinds of love that I've experienced. Not greater or lesser, just different. I don't own her, I am not her mistress or her mother like Catherine and my mom says. She cares for me and I do for her. Even after just a couple of months living with her I don't want to think about my leaving the city, my leaving her behind. 

Leaving Rene's office I drove straight to Liliana's. I got there a quarter of an hour late but the dr had not arrived. The dr never arrived. 

In the Whatsapp groups there was a talk about a reunion to organize the exchange of gifts and the meeting before the holidays. In another conversation Paola told me how she posted on one of her groups and there was two or three people interested in the coursework that I've been planning. 

I didn't want to let myself get excited. I had considered doing it and planning it. I wanted to and had the intentions. There is no place available, no option... I shared my worries and she resolved them in a matter of seconds. The hall where she did her son's party is available, she could reserve it. I would only need to bring the chairs and tables. 

We kept talking about it and she showed me the post, she posted about different tests that they don't see in their syllabus and an excel program for the MMPI. I have all of the things she offered. The programs are ready, the tests I know and I've applied. Why do I feel reserved about it? Charging five hundred pesos would give me an approximate of four thousand in profits in a group of ten. Two thousand would be a modest expectation. 

What am I waiting for? I told Rene I feel overwhelmed with the guide of the application exam and now the evaluation of my patient and now this course. I have lots of things to do. Gilda asked me if the girl contacted me, and that she would talk to her. Melissa told me yesterday how she recommended me to the Trans organization for the forum. 

Isn't that what I wanted? Having things to do? 

How is it that now I just want to lie down and rest. Even after I slept most of the afternoon? 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-03
Words:   760
Minutes: 85

We were sitting in a stone bench outside the Burger King, in front of the Bol-Bol, the bowling place where we had planned about going but didn't. I had my phone in my hands and in its screen appeared a news article that I noticed from Facebook. 9 trans murders in Tijuana, was titled. In it, several sentences proclaimed the same idea: Men that transition from men to women. Trans women are men. They are seen by men by the police and the journalist keep referring to them, to us, as just that. 

I have lost count of the times that I've thought how would it be being killed in a hate crime. Once by the pistol or knife of the killer, another by the article in the paper where they mentioned me as a cross-dressing male, a third one in the mass that I don't want where the priest mentions the name which I was born with and outgrown, and finally in the tombstone where eternally would be written a name that doesn't corresponds. How many times will I be assassinated? 

Itayee, was she a friend of Telma's, sent me a message in the afternoon asking me to like a picture of her dog for a contest. Generally I ignored those kind of messages, but this time I looked at the picture and actually liked it. I did and complimented her on her dog. The conversation kept going asking how's everything been going and those kind of questions. Just moments ago, when she asked me about my job, she continued asking if it would be viable or possible for me to see her. I grabbed the agenda and remembered how I should be filling it. It's several months now that I am behind. The black one I bought with Catherine in the gift shop of the university was forgotten by its middle. 

Anyway, the date is set. I'll see her in two weeks. Next one I'll finish with the current patient. In yesterday's meeting, Gilda mentioned me that she would communicate with her contact about her interest of Vocational Orientation. 

I woke up and took Nymeria to her plate and outside. Everything went as normal. My grandma told me there was a burrito aside for me. It wasn't just one but two. My mother and brothers had already left. I thought it was just the two of us and the dog. I was mistaken. 

Did I fell asleep before or after? No, I did and I was awake again when I left the room and heard steps on the stairs. It was my dad. What was he doing here? He opened the door and went outside. Would he leave? Did he went to work in the night? I heard the sound of a car accelerating and turning on and off. I looked outside and noticed it was my car. He was helping with it. I stepped outside and looked at him and what was he doing. 

He asked me if I would go out today. I told him that in the afternoon. And so I did. I showered and changed. I wore the red blouse with strings on the neck. Catherine picked me up after finishing her session. We went to the bank first, I think. I waited in the car while she went to the ATM. It was in there that I answered Itayee's message. I got another notification, Medrano had commented on one of my pictures. I was scared, actually. I thought lots of possible things he could say that would make me really uncomfortable. But he didn't. He was nice. He just posted how he loves going to comic-con because of how you space out of reality for some days. 

She paid her cable and we went to the Supermarket. I bought Nymeria's harness and leash. We went to the Giusseppi's in the Plaza of Fun World. For a while we considered leaving the restuarant. I thought they were ignoring us on purpose. Two girls sitting together, were we on a date? Or maybe it was the "guy in girl's clothes". The waiter came and everything went fine. 

We played mini-golf and actually had lots of fun. We even bought some tokens and played some videogames. I had lots of fun playing Ms Pac-man and she did with skeeball. 

Tomorrow she'll bring Muñeca here and we'll take the dogs outside to meet each other. She'll take Nymeria home and care for her for the weekend. Will I miss her? How will I do? How will she?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-04
Words:   777
Minutes: 19

Catherine has Nymeria by now. I woke up half an hour before the time I feed her. I saw the watch but ignored Nymeria's cries. It was early. I turned off the lights and fell asleep for another 30 minutes. She stayed quiet as well, maybe she slept, too. I fed her and took her outside. There was a nice chilly wind. It's frustrating how the cold just last a couple of hours in the morning and then the Sun comes by noon and makes everything hot and uncomfortable. The switching temperatures give my allergies another opportunity to bother me. 

I showered and put on male skinny jeans. I don't have hips yet, but my thighs are wider and there is a narrowing in my waist just below my breasts. It was hard pulling the pants up. I was going to start shaving when Nymeria's cries were louder and more frequent. I won't sleep with her for the first time since I took her home. I came down and let her accompany me to the bathroom upstairs. I shaved while she barked by my feet. 

I saw Catherine's picture of her and Muñeca. She was wearing a wonder woman t-shirt. The one of her costume. I thought we could match.  The Superman t-shirt was in my closet. I could wear it. I would be wearing just male clothes. 

I told Rene how they bother me less these last few days. Maybe it's because they don't make me look completely like a man. I outgrown them, they don't fit the same way, my changes are more obvious than them. 

I put it on, but I see enough of the person that I was that I changed my mind and took it off. I'm wearing the green blouse that I had picked yesterday. 

The luggage is ready. I put in there the pijama I wore this morning, the black jeggings that I plan to wear tomorrow and the black blouse with the white vest. Coming home I can either shower again and get ready or just change blouse to go and meet my friends in the evening. In the bag I put my sandals and the black flats as well. On top are the bags of cosmetics and make up. The only thing that's missing is a towel. 

In the morning Ana Ascencio liked my Profile Picture. Does she recognize me as that student of hers? That one friends with Hilda, and the one that was walking once near Downtown with that friend. Does she know I am trans? 

I thought about sending Medrano a message. A heads up. "So... what you think? Did you see this coming?" 

No. I was nervous enough when I got his notification. I won't tease the bull if I know I won't handle its horns. 

The red dress is hanging from the upper door of my closet. My face is already made up. I won't do anything to my hair. I am almost ready. There's like two hours left for my mom to arrive. Catherine is right, I got ready very early. 

Am I nervous about the party? I've seen several of my uncles and aunts. Most of them added me on Facebook and are cool about me. They have seen pictures of me in dresses, there are the ones where I wore the black long dress and my face even fuller of make up than now. 

Will there be some comments or questions? Is the dress appropriate? What about my cousins? Should I extend my cheek to the male ones or just wait for their initiative? What about the younger ones? Will they recognize me or ask about me? "Weren't you a boy?" "Why are you dressed like that? Are you gay?". 

No, everything will be alright. My nose is running and every time that I touch it with my finger I think I take the make up off. Getting ready from now wasn't such a good idea. At least I know now how to put it on. This is the third time that I've put eyeshadow. The first one was barely noticeable. The second one was more obvious but still hidden behind either my glasses or a mask. This time is fuller and more colorful. I took a picture and sent it to Catherine. 

Having this much make up makes me uncomfortable. I'm afraid about looking like a drag queen. I'm scared of seeing my male features through the colors and make up. I don't want to look like Ivan. I don't want people to think of him when they see me. 

I don't want no one to remember that name. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-05
Words:   848
Minutes: 28

Since the last words, nothing has changed. Or, more correctly, everything is the same again. I'm sitting in the same chair and Nymeria is running in my room. 

My profile picture is a new one different to the one of me wearing a bat-girl costume. That one has a little more than 50 likes. What are likes? I mean, I'm writing this to myself. I know what they are. Will I remember? Which me am I addressing this to? 

It doesn't matter. Fifty people looked at my picture and spent a little more than a second making proof of their approval of my picture. It seems kind of, pathetic. Giving meaning to a single click. But even then, if it's nothing, what about the people who didn't? 

I see pictures of Omar and Valeria. They are Monica's friends. She appears on the list of people who have given their respective click under their pictures almost every time. I thought about Monica when I saw the most recent picture I uploaded and the ones my mother did. The profile picture is public by definition. Everyone, absolutely anyone can see it. She is unblocked, so she can type my name in the search bar and that picture will appear. The rest won't. Just that one and the previous ones. But my mother uploaded more from yesterday. They are still friends. She doesn't have to even remember my name to see those. They will suddenly appear on her screen if she hasn't hidden my mom. And she will see me in the red dress and with red lips. Will she? 

She won't. I think about her a thousand times more than she does about me. 

We got to Mexicali by 8 in the afternoon. We arrived directly at the party. My aunt welcomed me with a hug and complimented me. Most of the women who know me did. Men were different. They seemed uncomfortable by my image. No, they didn't. It was just my aunt's husband. He extended his hand to me and I could sense repulse from his face. The kids were something else. Didn't they recognize me? My cousins said hi without mentioning my name or anything, it was as if nothing had changed at all. My nephews didn't acknowledge me. They said hi to my parents and my brothers, and the passed me. Maybe they didn't see me, maybe they did but didn't know me. Maybe they did but didn't know what to do. Or what to think. I noticed their eyes. I didn't know how to feel, so I felt nothing. I ordered sangria. Then later that night I ordered Kahlua. The dinner was chicken and pasta. Both of them had cheese. 

I didn't dance. I missed Catherine. I could had brought her. I was exchanging messages with her and the thought came up. Would I introduce her as my girlfriend? I am not only transgender, I am homosexual as well. 

To some theorists, me liking women doesn't make me homosexual and that, ironically, makes me less trans as well. 

They might see it that way. That I have a girlfriend makes me "less abnormal". 

I didn't noticed at first. I did hear her but, I don't know, the words didn't register or I paid no attention. It wasn't until my aunt Armida came that I heard her consciously: "And this here is Sofia" "I finally meet you", she answered with a chuckle. 

She introduced me to her family. I could see it under a benevolent perspective and think how she's acknowledging me and showing her support, her standing behind me. Or I could see it as she thinking I am somebody different to the person who I was. 

The party ended an hour and a half after midnight. 

Today we had breakfast at the pancake house. In the morning they mentioned something about going to a buffet in a casino. They weren't kidding. On the way there I felt nervous about being asked my id and having to bear a fuss about the discrepancy of appearances. When I passed under the metal detector and the lady asked me for my credential my heart skipped a beat. I showed it to her without taking it out of my wallet. She looked at it and inspect her. Her eyes were different when they returned from the card to my face. She said nothing. There was 17 minutes left of the buffet, so we left. 

The plan was that we would return by noon. There would be time, except there wasn't. 

We waited for Edgar to congratulate him on his birthday. We visited my uncle and we arrived to Tijuana an hour after the time I was supposed to meet my friends. Irving said my name when he hugged me. His girlfriend greeted me, does she know? Everyone said my name and used feminine pronouns except my uncle when he said good bye. Did Ivan slipped him or was it intentional? 

Should it matter? 

I feel anxious and restless. I feel like screaming. 

Just now I feel like crying. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-06
Words:   786
Minutes: 47

Last night in was the daytime change. Is that how it's written? We delayed the clocks an hour. It's not something new, it's done every year. 

I felt, something, last night. I remember crying in my bed under the sheets. I hit Nymeria after she did something. She stayed quiet after that. I feel it's really late but it's barely 8 in the afternoon. The day started later than usual. Or is it earlier? I had one more hour of sleep and dreams. I dreamed a lot today. Nymeria woke me even later than usual as if she knew my mind was busy. 

The first dream was a kind of a compilation. There were different sequences of stuff that I don't remember. One of them I ran from a chase of two identical people. Then I turned into two as well. One of me was killed, stabbed, by them, and the other grabbed their keys and took off with their car or bike or something. It wasn't me me. I was a guy and my appearance was different. Inside my dream I woke up in a theater sitting with known people, one of them was Chevo, to whom I asked about the themes of the movies. As I suspected it, the themes were related to my dreams.

We were walking in some kind of school, I recognized the terrain and buildings of my jr high. There were several people walking amongst us, like those times when I would start classes and walk through the front door towards my classroom. It was late at night as the skies were a dark gray. The people surrounding us suddenly were all wearing red robes with hoods that covered their faces. And then, an orange light flashed around me. Heated flames embraced my body and another flash blinded me. I woke up. It was 5 in the morning. Was it the new or the old time?

I slept again and entered to another different dream. It was more complex and real. I was in some kind of ship, was it underwater? There was some kind of sense of urgency. It was drowning. The danger was known, as of a sounding alarm blaring, or was it some kind of hidden threat? I looked out for an exit. Another theme in that dream was the idea of fake realities. The boat was real but, like matrix, reality was disguised in a simulation. In it I was playing some kind of videogame, like those arcade machines of an era before mine. The activities in the game played as another layer of the dream. Around me there were several other people, were they children? Was I a child? Was I a boy or a girl? I remember wearing something like a red dress. 

I told Catherine how a girl of those came closer to me and almost brushed her body against mine. There was a thought or feeling that I've never experienced before. It was doubt, doubt of her intentions, was she trying to be affectionate? She rested her head on my shoulder and I wanted her there. Did she know I was a girl? Was it wrong? It felt, abnormal, weird. Not the sensation itself but what could be seen. I never really stopped ant thought about being gay. 

Then, another dream was an old woman, a scientist with an investigator or journalist or something. She explained the simulation, the reality. She explained about me, the child. I was her creation. I was the core personality and root memories of her late partner. She was a biologist or computer scientist or something. She was the creator of a Neural net computing simulation. She was explaining it about her wife, she was a psychologist, her first work was titled the Genetic basis of memories, attitudes and behavior. Nobody took her serious, she was a woman, she was trans, and her discoveries contradicted everything known in the field. Until they met, and with the woman's work, they proved in the DNA and neural structure was embedded the core personality and memories of people. With that knowledge she was able to preserve the person whom she loved in this new child, their savior. 

The journalist was something related to Monica. That part I skipped to Catherine. Was she her herself? Why was she still young? What importance would it have my person to a Monica's relative? 

"So, your wife, she was Sofia" was the revelation that would culminate in the dream. Except it didn't got to that. I woke up. That reality, that story, that tale came to a finish and it extinguished leaving nothing but fractured and expiring memories that are cursed to fade away. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-08
Words:   759
Minutes: 18

It's been several days now that I waited for these elections today. It's not my country, I don't live there. Although I live in the border, in the near future I probably will be moving further away from this neighbor nation. Why am I this worried? Yeah, neither of both candidates were optimal. Both had their deficiencies. I'm glad I didn't have to cast a vote to either of them. Yet, everything on play is important to me, to people like me. 

It's not that I fear Trump. He is a fear-mongering, mysoginist, homophobe and islamophobe. His vice-president, Pence, is a bigger and more concrete threat. He is a religious conservative who thinks homosexuality is a disease that can be cured. I don't even want to imagine or infer his thoughts on transgender people. There are two vacant places for justices on the Supreme Court. The republicans own the Senate and Congress. They'll appoint people who align with their beliefs. Their changes of policy on SRS surgeries, HRT and Informed Consent should not matter to me. I am on my treatment. Foreign policies on Trans treatment don't matter on here. Discrimination, on the other hand, do. North Caroline and several "red" states have these laws where they prohibit people of using a bathroom of the other gender of their birth certificates. What does that mean to me? What will happen when I cross the border to go shopping? What will happen to me when I'd need to use the restroom or a fitting room? Will they respect my papers? 

I woke up in the early morning and fed Nymeria half an hour earlier. I forgot to fed her last night. She was asleep and I didn't want to wake her. When I realized it was two hours after her meal-time. I decided to let her sleep. 

My father had told me to get up early and accompany him to take the car to the shop. He would take my brothers to school and return for me. 

He did. I didn't change. I just put on a hoodie and went upstairs to shave the excessive facial hair. I drove the jetta following him. He took me through some strange paths. Worried that the car would stop, I tried not to desaccelerate suddenly. Various cars would get between us and slow down. I almost lost him three times. One, in the freeway, I missed the exit because of a van. 

We got to the shop and I left the car. I felt the sights of the mechanics on me even though I was far away. I went to the pick up trying to hide myself but it was closed. My father returned and drove me home. He tried to make some chit chat just before arriving. He mentioned the elections. He asked me about my application. When I made a comment about staying in the capital for the times of the application, he  didn't seem much convinced. I didn't want to continue talking. I feared we would make that comment about surviving by myself, maintaining me, being self-sufficient without his help. 

I got here and slept. I've slept a grand fraction of the day, I graded just one of the four tests I was supposed to interpret today. I am so tired. 

"Do I bother you?" 
"Not that word" 

"Why didn't you want to go out today?" 

Was there ever plans for today? It was the weekend I think or was it yesterday? I asked her about going to the In n Out. She mentioned Friday, asking me if I had a patient for that day. No. She does. Her only off days are today and Friday until next week. She's busy. She has a job. She's successful in a way. 

I am busy too, I have things to do. I have a post saved in my phone about a place where they rent offices for single therapy and courses. It's just 100 pesos for an hour. There are people interested in my offer.I have this evaluation I have to finish and another patient waiting for next week. 

I feel like I reek. I don't remember the last time I showered. These last few days have been exhausting. Tomorrow I'll see Rene. The party was this friday, Catherine took care of my dog. She has only two days of rest and I, having a full list of things to do, am bed-ridden because of self-hate and depression and fear. 

What is wrong with me? Why can't I bare to be happy? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-09
Words:   787
Minutes: 23

I did not notice the empty white square in the upper side of the blank page. I had finished already when I accessed to the statistics page that I finally see the lacking number of continuous days. A sudden explosion of panic made me move from my chair. Didn't I write the words the day before? I looked around in the archive that is my memory, as if I were looking for a misplaced file. "I know it's here, it has to be around here, somewhere". Something had to be wrong. There must had been a mistake. I replayed the day before on my mind, I graded the tests, I used excel, I was tired. Didn't I write them? I didn't, did I? 

I felt resignation. Again, more than one hundred days thrown away. I failed. I forgot. 

The three projective tests and I would redact the report today. Just four tests and I would had been done. It wasn't much to ask. It wasn't that tiring. I still failed. I interpreted one. I left the double of work for today. That was even before knowing that there would not be a meeting in the morning. 

My car is still in the shop. I woke up but returned to bed. The morning was mine. I didn't even try to pretend that I would do some work in the morning. I slept and rested. By 10 in the morning I woke up again with the urge to postpone the alarm clock for more minutes. I showered without remembering the last time I did. I felt disgusting in the stench of my own body. I shaved my body and my face. There were crimson droplets of blood and the cuts of the sharp mis-strokes were well received. I embraced the pain and enjoyed it. When the alum stung as I passed it, I smiled a little. 

Did I like the pain? 

The uber was at the tire shop when I ordered it. He came 10 minutes later but still left me some minutes before the closing of the clock.  I had things to talk about, I guess. Rene misgendered me again. Was it intentional? Was it because of the way I was dressed or my voice? 

He asked me how I was dressed in the masculine way. The pain was different, it wasn't physical or enjoyable. Was it that I didn't think it was deserved? My face froze and de-inflated. Why did I try to hide my discomfort? Isn't the whole point of going to therapy the freedom of expression? Why wasn't I able to correct him? Was that his intention? Would I hate him if it were? Would I hate him less? 

I asked for another uber home. Maybe tomorrow the car will be ready, probably it won't. 

Catherine sent me some texts while she was at work. The last ones were where she said that we could invite Anahi somewhere tomorrow for breakfast if she had a late shift. Herself would not enter until noon. Maybe we could go to Denny's or IHOP, somewhere closer to the border. 

I thought about yesterday's election. The dollar is more expensive, it has reached the 20 pesos. I don't have a car, I would need to return in the evening for my session. 

She told me not to worry and continued. Anahi would prefer going out on the weekend because those are her free days, but she works those, that's why she wanted to do something in the inner week. 

The only thing I kept reading was how both of them have a job where they are paid in dollars. Neither of them have to worry about the devaluation of the mexican peso, or being discriminated because of their identity. None of them have to worry about hiding themselves or live in fear because of whom they are. 

And I resented them, and I hated them. And I hated the world. Most of all I hated myself.  I asked her not to keep talking. 

I saw the election yesterday. I watched the shows and looked for the polls. I saw the fear and anxiety in the hosts and guests. I felt it myself. I don't even live there. I can't live there. I won't be able to, anymore. 

Most of the states were Red in that map. Most of the states hate me. The laws that passed to help people like me will be discarded. Today I read the news that my government didn't pass the initiative of the president asking for equal marriage. They don't support the gay community. 

They kill the trans community. 

I'll be alone, completely alone and vulnerable. 

Maybe it's not sadness I feel, but fear. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-10
Words:   763
Minutes: 37

"I see you very cheery and joyful, how are you?" 

I finished with the last evaluation. I finished the report today. I went to bed last night without finishing redacting the conclusion. I trusted my self-control, hoping that I would stay up in the morning and finish it instead of returning to bed and continue sleeping. And so I did. I fed the dog and ate my own burritos. I was irritated and kind of upset about something. My grandma called me "son". And then, correcting herself, repeated "son...daughter". I acted as if I didn't hear anything. I redacted the last paragraphs and printed the whole thing. I fixed a mistake when I mistyped the objective of the Person under the rain test, so I printed that page again. There was no way for me to realize I had written the patients last name wrong. 

I stayed for a while in the living room. Did I think about something? Felt something? I just remember being extremely tired. I couldn't stand there for long and I hide in bed. I put the alarm to wake me up by noon and yet I postponed it for an hour more. I showered and got ready. By now I am wearing my pajamas and have cleaned my face. 

I read a post in Valeria's profile. It appeared on my feed and it was long. Why did I stayed and read it? It wasn't the first post she had published about the Trump's winning. No, the one before that was about the election, and the mexican people who posted their pride about voting over there. Monica had liked it. I didn't really agree with it. What if some mexican celebrities published about voting over there and inciting the american population to do their civic duty? I guess if they're living there and have the chance of voting it's because it's their business. I hate that absurd nationalistic pride of putting your native country before all. "How do they dare to incite the american vote when they don't do it here?" 

I saw Monica's face in the little boxes under the numbers and I wondered what did she think? What was or is her opinion about all of this? 

Maybe I did think about all of that when I read the post and I made my comment. I was enraged and upset and posted a comment almost as large as the post itself explaining my worry about the outcome. Would anybody read it? Would Monica? How would she feel reading my words, recognizing my speech and thoughts? Would she care? 

It stayed there, and the numbers under Valeria's post kept increasing. Maybe it's hope that they want? Feeling like they have a little bit of control. Convincing themselves they have the answer and are above the masses who follow the american way. 

Yesterday I asked Catherine to stop talking and most of the evening went by in silence between us. I sent her a message apologizing about my weakness and fragility. She doesn't think I am weak. Almost at the same time I confessed I am afraid of breaking in any moment. 

She thinks the opposite. I asked her about it but she felt asleep. The night came and went and I read her answer in the morning. 

"I feel like you have a lot inside: anger, rage, fear. That instead of becoming weak or just about to break, that is what is making you stronger. Not strong as in a fighter sense, but like though, impregnable, isolated. Maybe you are feeling like shit, I don't know, I really don't know what you feel.  Every time is harder for me to reach you."

My grandma tried to make me some meat, but it was overdone and it tasted like a tire. I couldn't eat it. 

The uber was really close and yet it took like 5 minutes to arrive. It was a young man. They make me more uncomfortable. He welcomed me and made some small talk. 

"Are you sick?" 

I remembered the waiter and his suspicious face and his question. Was this going to be like that? Does he think I have a sore throat? Does he suspect anything? Why does my voice sound so manly? "No, why?" I answered. 

"You're going to a medical center. People go to the doctor when they're sick." 

I told him that I work there and that made us talk about psychology. His mom has Borderline pd and his father is bipolar. He has ADD. "Do you have something?" 

"No" I lied. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-11
Words:   866
Minutes: 20

Nymeria bites me. She does it over and over, almost every time that I hold her in my arms. Is it intentional? Does she try to hurt me? I don't think so. Just now she is almost inside her food plate biting it. Her teeth hurt, they're growing. She's teething. That's how is called in children. 

Yesterday Anahi, after I sent her a picture of Nymeria on my legs, told me her cat died. Telma was her name. I asked her if it was true. I could not believe it. I didn't want to. Today Catherine told me how it was this monday that she had a rest day. The cat was irritable, and later she was having difficulty breathing. When they got to the vet, they told her that it was poisoning. She died on the table. 

Anahi had the cat for several years. I remember her mentioning, Telma and Yoko. Until now that I have Nymeria, I guess I would had never understood the lose of a pet. Nymeria is more than just a pet, more than a dog. I care for her way more than I ever did for Stitch, or even Max and Sparky. I read of Anahi's cat and I imagined Nymeria's death. I couldn't help to cry. 

She's outside walking into the darkness of the empty rooms. Does she want to be alone? Does she  want to rest on her flower bed? 

I've returned from there. She went to poop on her mat. Catherine told oh how her mother was surprised when she saw Nymeria going and actually peeing on the mat. I took a piece of toilet paper and grabbed the warm shit and threw it on the toilet. Stepping out of the bathroom I stepped on her front leg. A sharp high cry deafened me. I see her limbing on one leg and I feel guilty of the harm I did to her. 

She's under my chair right now nimbling on my sandal. 

Catherine would pick me up by noon. I got up and fed the dog. Outside my grandma had prepared me three burritos. Did I do something in the morning or did I just return to bed to continue sleeping? I remember setting the alarm to 10 in the morning. Two hours was enough to showering and getting ready. I turned off the lights and close my eyes. 

I was falling asleep when I felt something wet in my behind. It was a pressure and warmth. Was it Nymeria's tongue? Why would she lick my asshole? I should had taken her off. But it felt so good. But it was so wrong. I should not let her. She's my puppy. Maybe if I didn't know that I could just stay this way. I am so comfortable, so relaxed. Each breath is deeper than the last. I feel some hands over my body. The darkness is not the one I am accustomed to. There is something strange in it, something that doesn't fit. Nymeria is small, she can't really climb to the bed. How does she reach me? I felt it more and more, the pleasure was drowning me. I let myself go and climaxed. I was dreaming. I should had woken up, I could still avoid the mess. No, it feels good. It should not matter. I stayed in bed and continued sleeping. I could deal with it when I wake up. 

And some time later I did. I slipped my hand into my pants and there was nothing wet. I guess the hormones do make something. It's been months since I started. How much since the last time I ejaculated? It was in Mexicali, when we went to the course of neuro. No, once Catherine came to my house and I invited her to my bed; Nymeria was already here. 

That time I came but didn't have a condom. In the rush I couldn't stop it. Both of us were surprised when almost nothing came out. 

I showered and got ready. I put on the red blouse not caring about the heat. It's the last month of the year and it was 32º outside in the middle of the day.  

We picked her mom from the border and left her home. Catherine drove us to the swap meet where we bought the sweaters for the gift exchange. It's done, it's over. 

We went to the italian place near our high school, and from there we ate some ice cream. 

Her session was at 6pm. We got there an hour before and stayed in the car for a while. Half an hour before we went into the office and her patient was leaving. 

Liliana stepped outside after they entered. With her Karla stepped outside as well. Liliana kissed and hugged me. Karla looked at me and when I smiled, she recognized me. 

I saw her as Ivan. I evaluated her as a boy. She was the last patient I saw in disguise. The only one who still doesn't know is Hiram. 

I guess Liliana is right. It changes nothing. Everything is alright. I am a great person and that's the only thing that matters. 

I hope.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-12
Words:   765
Minutes: 24

The evaluation is done. I won't see the next patient until next friday. I have this whole week to myself and time to study. Tomorrow I'll use to rest. I don't have no plans of going out or having any sort of meeting. It will be just me time. 

Yesterday, when I accompanied Catherine to her session with her patient, before entering to the office I got a message of my Patient, Arantza. I saw the notification with her name and opened it. She has my number and contact information. The message said she just wanted to thank me for this month of evaluation. I said it was a pleasure working with her. 

Today I woke up in the morning to feed the dog. I think I gave her the food a half an hour later than usual. Nobody was awake. Was today the day I had the dream or was it yesterday? I remember narrating it in english, to Catherine I have no reason to do that. Maybe I dreamed the night before. I have the urge to open my phone and look for the message. I guess I'll do that. 

It was today, this morning when I woke up from the dream and this morning when I had the chat with Catherine. I read her dream of going into a narc's house and having Nymeria with her and seeing whole families inside. Small children. 

I got out of bed with the mixed emotions of the dream, but when I read hers, mine looked tame in comparison. 

In mine it was some sort of Christmas or New year's party. I remember being in Mexicali, not because of something particular of the place, but being surrounded by family and relatives. Catherine was there, and maybe some of my friends as well. Some things happen about them, about Edgar and some uncles, but I didn't remember them. In the middle of the event, I don't remember if it was a courier that brought the package himself or some relative acted as a middle man. I was given a box, was it a box or a tube? Whatever it was, inside had a big piece of paper with its corners burned. It was like those letters that girls used to do in elementary school, that with a lighter they'd burn the edges of the sheet to give it some kind of decoration. This was big and it wasn't just the edges. Pieces of the inside were gone, words and phrases missing from the text. 

I read the first line and it's redaction and language made me feel ill. "Hey! Hello, it's been a long time, you might not want to know about me but I wanted to wish you happy holidays..." 

Who would send me something written in english? Monica was the one who appeared on my mind. I stopped reading and focus on the whirlwind of emotions that made a chaos of my insides. 

I was excited knowing about her, but at the same time I was mad at her, sad and upset, angry even... but I was happy that she reached out at the same time. But with what nerve does she contact me? 

I didn't know wether I wanted to read it or threw it away. 

I continued passing the words and I got into the signature. It wasn't hers. Ruben Sanchez. Is that his last name? I didn't get to it until later in the day. His is not Gonzalez. I don't think is Sanchez either. Who knows... 

Without the missing phrases I could read how he was in middle school and even though Monica told him I was "an effeminate man" he didn't care because I was his friend and always nice to him. 

Some people helped me to read it and I got lost into it leaving the party as something outside. 

I woke up with a mixture of different complex emotions. I don't think he cares about me or is even interested in what has happened to me. Maybe he doesn't even remember my name. Does he like Monica's new boyfriend? Do I hope he does? 

I slept most of the day. My mom and grandma left to the salon and my dad left to work. This evening was the night of drinks with the psychologists of the office. Catherine would not go and I didn't know if I wanted to. 

In the end I showered and convinced her to go. It was nice, I liked it and felt comfortable. 

I guess I am not as lonely as I think.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-13
Words:   759
Minutes: 22

Yesterday I read about an indie game which was having a discount. Its price was lowered to zero because of Trump's winning of the presidency in the United States. The theme of the game was about lesbians, I think. I downloaded, maybe today or later I could play it. Since yesterday I've had the plans of not doing nothing today. Leaving this Sunday as a last day of leisure. Not like the rest of days in which I do nothing  ignoring the things I must do. This day was free of any things to be done. 

The papers for the application are still non redacted and unscanned. 

Yesterday I painted my nails before leaving to the Coffee. I painted with red over the already almost-covered nails. My left thumb is already losing its finish in less than 24 hours. I have to buy another batch of pills and hormones. I have until this Friday with a full dose. The week before that I'll turn seven months and start another four day rest of estrogen. 

Why do I keep entering and reading the posts about trans people? What do I gain reading about the opinions of the people who dismiss my identity and state of mind? I am nothing but a mentally ill freak. I am less than a person. A potential mutilated man in dress. Do I look like that? 

The first was yesterday, the video about the 14 year old girl who was just starting hormones and making a statement about bullying. Most of the comments were graceful and supportive. That was actually different now that I think about it. I've seen that video several times. Years before it was really small the number of positive comments, now they were the majority. This time it was several threads in reddit. I shouldn't even care about the opinion of heterosexual men about wether they would or not be attracted to me. I won't be attracted to them. 

What reason do I have to dismiss the Trans exclusionary radical feminists then? The women who insist I am a fetishistic male intending to invade women spaces? 

Which was the first women's bathroom that I entered? I wasn't alone, I entered it with Catherine. Was it in the US or was it here? I've entered several now, I don't think I could even estimate a number. And yet, I still get nervous. I am anxious about suspicious or judging stares, I am scared of comments or making a scene. I'd really prefer that the bathroom were empty. For me, for my own safety. 

I don't even see myself entering the men bathroom anymore. I don't think I can remember the last time I used a male public one. Most, if not all, of the late times that I've gone out, I've done it presenting female. I'm comfortable, mostly, with the way I look, the way I'm seen. 

People gender me correctly and I've stopped worrying about their reason behind their words. I don't mostly care anymore if they do it out of ignorance of my situation or politeness or knowing support. 

I remember some of the first smiles that accompanied their addressing me. Were they because I looked female or because I actually didn't? 

I could argue that the latter is more validating and supporting. 

I've been having this new urge of looking at my recent pictures and the first ones of this year. I didn't look as passable as I thought. Will I feel the same way about these ones when I see the other changes in the future ones? 

Catherine went to work. This Wednesday probably will be the meeting with the dr in the office. I'll see Rene and talk about something, I guess. These next few days of the week I should start doing the slides of the tests and fixing the last details of the MMPI spreadsheet. 

I have the motive letter to redact and lots of papers to scan. I know where most of them are. I think. 

Talking yesterday about the future made me more feel more uneasy about it. As with the semester abroad, the closer the date it gets, to more far away I see it. The more disbelieve I grow that I'll actually get there. 

I have reasons not to get nervous about it. In the car I told Catherine about the way my dad reacted when I told him. She's right. He does not my reasons, not completely. 

Procrastinating about my getting ready will just push me further away from there. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-14
Words:   765
Minutes: 39

Yesterday was a day of justified leisure. Today I did nothing without having permission to not do it. I slept, a lot. I woke up early in the morning, an hour before Nymeria's time. It was six o'clock. I went back to sleep and I opened my eyes again at 7:40. Nymeria had already shat in the mat so there was no point in taking her outside. My grandma called me son and he again but I ignored her. The pain was still there, though. I sat and ate the two tacos that were in the red towel over the kitchen counter. My mother came down from her room. There was another towel on the table so I assumed mine were the ones I took. My mother was fooled as well. There was nothing on the table and the tacos I was eating were hers. She left and I stayed in the living room for a little more than an hour. I saw the latest episode of Westworld. Last night, when my father was walking upstairs to his room, he asked both Miguel and me, although his eyes were locked with mine, if we had seen the last episode of it. Apparently it was a really good one. 

There was a popular theory on the internet that Bernard was really a host without knowing. There was a death of a central character and other important revelations. 

I returned to bed near nine in the morning and didn't get up until one in the afternoon. Catherine was going to enter at noon. I told her I would not sleep yet. Nymeria was calmly falling asleep on her flower and she said to go and try to rest. I did and lost most of my morning. 

Tonight the moon is supposed to be the biggest in who-knows-how-many years. The biggest and brightest, a really spectacular show. I haven't gone outside and I don't really feel like it. Catherine is in her home already. When she got out she told me how the moon wasn't that spectacular. I believe her. 

I used to relate the moon to my ex. Whenever one of us would go to Mexicali, we would use the moon as a point of reference. Both of us could see it and we'd be looking at the same place. It was some sort of connection to the us. Was I the one who introduced the moon to our lore or was it her? 

It was me, I used to write about her as if she were my friend, as if I confided in her in my loneliness. When we were a couple, I guess I introduced my ex to her. 

Is it then another thing that was ruined because of her? 

I don't mention the moon with Catherine. Neither does she. We don't miss her. We don't need it. 

I had to shower just now. I felt disgusted with my own presence. I can't honestly remember the last time that I did. Was it Saturday? I guess it was. It should be. Two days bathing in my own sweat. Lost of hygiene is another symptom of depression. 

This Friday my pills will run out. This morning when I fed Nymeria I realized the bag of food would not last me more than tomorrow. The mats have ran out to one, too. I sent my dad a message asking him if he could buy them for the dog. He loves her, even if he tries to deny it. 

Is he proud that I completely take care of her? 

If I did I wouldn't had needed him to buy those things for us. 

When he came I asked him about any news of my car. Saturday he told me that the shop had said that they finally got the piece and would try the car the whole day. Today, he told me they contradicted themselves telling him that they hadn't gotten the piece yet. Tomorrow he'll call again and ask if the car can move. If it does, we might go and pick it up to take it to another shop. 

I don't have to go out until Wednesday. There will be a meeting with Lili and my session later that day. Thankfully Catherine rests both that day and Friday. We'll go out Wednesday in the afternoon. Both of us had said that we would go to a motel. She asked me to wear the red dress. 

Friday I'll see Itaye. I have to send her the location. Am I more or less nervous about me knowing her?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-15
Words:   806
Minutes: 22

I put on Catherine's dress like when we were just going out. I turned immediately to the mirror to look at myself. I am no longer scared of my reflection. 

I woke up in the morning and fed Nymeria like every day. Had she shat already? I fed her with almost everything that was left in the bag and put on my hoodie. I took her outside. No, she just peed leaving a spot almost as big as her on the mat. I let her inside and ate the burrito and tacos that my grandma had made for me. This time I heard how she clarified to my mom that hers were on the table and she had left mine where they usually are. It wasn't much after eating that I brought the dog again to the room and went back to bed. Catherine would be picking me up around noon so I should be getting ready in the morning. Last time that we went out, both of us agreed that we would be going to a motel. I'd be wearing a dress and the two of us, our black bras. 

I fell asleep around nine. Maybe a little before that. I know I dreamed something. I remember wandering around a hotel and being inside some sort of bathroom, again. I messed with the water, uh, how are they called. Those metal levels that you move to make the water come out and adjust its temperature. Whatever. 

Inside the bathroom there was somebody else with me. Were both of us naked? He was a man. What was I? Did I care about covering myself?

Maybe that was a dream from the night. In the morning I know I dreamed about Monica, again. Luis was chatting with her on his phone. Were they talking about a picture? She asked him if I was there with him. I looked at him and told him with my face to deny my presence. It turns out she was referring to the picture. Something like that, it was weird. 

Why do I keep dreaming about having contact with her and the uncertainty of my feelings about it? 

Even in those dreams I don't know how to feel or react. I don't know if I want to reply or hear or read what she has to say. And yet at the same time I am excited, but at the same time guilty. I am ashamed of my own joy. I want to let her go, I want to just leave her behind in my past and history where she belongs now. Why do I keep dreaming about her? Is it because somewhere in my unconscious I don't want to? 

Even if that was, there is nothing I can do. There is nothing left to try or say. I said and did what was for me to do or say. 

It's over. 

The alarm was set for waking me up an hour and a half before noon but it was useless. I changed it and postponed it countless times. Even now I can't remember at what time I finally got out of bed. 

Catherine had sent me a message telling me that her father had told her to leave the car at the shop. So, in her house, they would only be having one, which was going to be used by her mom. Catherine told her that she was going to be out today, but her mom was already in the shower when she told me that. At the time of all those messages I was still dreaming about something. 

She did came around two in the afternoon. I put on the red dress and then changed it to the gray one with the black decor, the first dress that I bought almost a year ago. I put on the blue one and stayed in that. I tamed my hair and put on my face. I waited with the dog and my grandma until it was my time to leave. 

The first place we went to was the restaurant that took over the Ricardo's that we and the gang went to years ago after a class in the Mental Hospital.  Now it's a betuccini's (or something like that). We ordered two paninis and two glasses of Sangria. It was expensive but not by that much. The ambient was nice and romantic. 

We went to the AT&T and Soriana. We ended up in the same first hotel that I went to. We hugged and kissed and slowly took our clothes off and recognized our bodies as if there were years since the last time that we shared a bed. 

I love her, I really do. 

With her and my future, why do I keep dreaming about a past that I don't want to revive?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-16
Words:   795
Minutes: 25

It's don. Months ago, or was it years?, I saw it. I sensed it and noticed it and feared it. It was just a worry that later became a real threat. I got into some messages that wasn't meant for my eyes. My fears were confirmed in a cryptic confession saying he was a trans girl. I haven't slept easily since then. 

He talked to a counselor in his school and a meeting was appointed. Today it's not just a secret that nobody knows I know. I've been told as if I had no idea nor suspicion. Countless nights I spent worrying and afraid about the consequences of this news. How would people take it, how would everyone see me? Would they believe them? Maybe they were just confused or following my steps. What if he wants to do something to his body? They are still a kid, they have no choice or voice. Would I be betraying them if I didn't stood by their back? 

It's nothing permanent. They are barely starting puberty. I see myself in them, in their worries and fears. Everybody called me brave but I waited years. I blinded myself and hid under a dead shell. They are saying it, barely in the puberty. I was their age when they were born. 

I need friends. I need somebody to reach out and talk and cry. I miss her. It's times likes this when I remember how it wasn't just heartaches and pain with her. She was one of the first people I told and didn't take it well at all. Why would I wish to come to her again with these? 

Catherine picked me up in the morning. Just yesterday that we went out to dinner and to a motel I told her how I'm happy now with the way I look. I like myself and my body and my face. And then this morning I changed coming out of the shower and put on a blouse and these leggings. Inversely as years ago that I wore all normal clothes but a female attire, today I stood in the mirror with a woman's outfit but the long flannel man shirt. And even then I confronted the person in the door and I didn't find myself in their face. It was a him with broad shoulders and his hair tied back. I moved slowly challenging him, hoping that he'd fail to copy my moves and I would realize something were wrong. 

I took out the blue blouse and changed it for a black tank. Everything came back to normal, and yet, still in that state of doubt about myself I discarded the idea of not wearing make up. 

Catherine picked me up and drove us to the office. The dr was already there and setting everything up when we entered the coffee shop outside. We passed in front of two religious women preaching. I held her hand and felt her stiffness. We avoided them and I think a little part of me died. 

The dr had difficulty remembering my name. He could name everyone but me. He hesitated before calling me everytime. Did he notice about... me? Was it because he sensed it was not a "real name"? Maybe unconsciously he dismissed it and forgot it every time. Maybe I'm just thinking too much about it. 

Rene cancelled the meeting of today and my patient the one of tomorrow. I had thought it was for Friday and when I sent her the location she told me how something came up and we would have to postpone. 

Rene was sick and I could hear his illness in his voice. This week my mother gave me the thousand pesos for therapy. I had told her how she hadn't. She was convinced she did and I was convinced she didn't. I wore my gray pants and when I tried to put my phone in the back pocket I felt pieces of folded paper in the way. Maybe it was a bill, or two. I felt that rush of joy of finding unaccounted money. I reached them and pulled out four bills for the amount of a thousand. 

Is it bad if I keep them? 

I told Catherine and she told me to. 

Luis told two of their friends first before anyone else. Then he went to the counselor and last to the principal. "You did it backwards", they told him, not being able to imagine the load of those words and every emotion and fear and weight that they carry. 

I think about them and my heart fills with memories of pain and my chest clenches. 

I don't want them to go through it. 

I don't want to go through it again. 

I can't. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-17
Words:   805
Minutes: 36

This Saturday will be Luis' school's festival. Is it winter already? School will be out in less than a month. I should be studying for the upcoming test and the procedure of admittance of the master. Will I be entering school, too, this next year? 

In the morning I woke up and the house was empty. My grandma is no longer here in Tijuana. Yesterday evening, my uncle, the husband of Cande called to the house and asked my father if he could pick up my aunt from the airport. They went, that was when my parents talked about the conversation with Luis' principal. It was when my uncle came for my aunt that my mom and I went to say good bye to them and my grandma who used their ride. We stayed outside the house and my mother told me. 

So this morning was empty. I took some pills yesterday and then other ones this afternoon. They've helped but not enough. After feeding and taking the dog outside I returned to bed and went back to sleep. There was a new notification from Facebook in my phone. Today's Medrano's birthday. Would I congratulate him? He added me and commented on my picture. He was my friend, kind of. After all he was nice and caring. 

My dad came and woke me. I was up when he approached my room. I drove the car following him to the new shop. We left the jetta there and he brought me back home. Had I eaten breakfast already? I served myself a bowl of cereal. After answering I realized he was offering to buy me something. I got here and maybe I tried to sleep again. No, I sent Manuel a congratulations message. He answered it in a comment below. 

"Thanks, Sofia" 

Were he not supportive, he would had not added me in the first place. Moments later he sent a message asking how I've been. He apologized beforehand would he slip a Ivan somewhen. 

We chatted for a while. Had I graduated already? Am I practicing? How was it, that I realized and came to know I was, well, me... 

I answered him and read what he had to tell me. He had a kind of psychotic break watching hypnosis videos on youtube. It was once to experience being a woman that made him fall into a derealization episode. He went to a psychologist and realized several things. 

The conversation stopped and neither of us followed it. 

I feel sick, I have a runny nose and a sore throat. Just yesterday Rene cancelled our session because of how he was feeling and that same day I break ill as well. I made myself a can of soup in the afternoon and then a cup of hot cider in the evening and now I'm drinking a cup of tea as I'm writing these words. 

This will be the tenth day after my mistake of omission. 

Catherine will be off her ship in an hour, maybe. Yesterday I finished at last the grades of math. From first to eight grade they are all done. Now it's just following the basis of geometry and trigonometry, which is what I don't really know very well and then to start reviewing Statistics and Calculus. 

I should be starting reviewing the rest of the material. Biology and Physics and Chemistry. When I was a child excited with the idea of being a scientist I'd be thrilled to be studying these classes and themes. Would I love knowing how my life would turn out? 

I remember being infatuated with Xennia in elementary school. She was the first girl that I cared about and missed. I would relate and play with Jessica and talk to her about the future. I draw myself taller and with glasses. I didn't know what I'd be studying. In elementary school I imagined myself as a scientist and an engineer. I wanted to study abroad far away from home, being independent and exploring the world. I wanted to have a girlfriend and feeling grown and attractive. It was a mystery all of it. What would I do, how would I look? 

And here I am, with those same doubts about the future. Would I love going and facing myself, seeing their reaction as I stand in front of them. Would I be recognized? Would I be excited or scared? I did had a girlfriend, I met Monica and loved her. I met friends and fell in love with another girl. I studied psychology and travelled the world as I wanted to. I lost myself and found the real me. I am finally happy. 

I am happy. 

I got to know what happiness really feels like. 

Would I be able to convince myself? 

Am I able to convince myself?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-18
Words:   794
Minutes: 17

Yesterday we took the car to the shop. I drove the jetta and my dad accompanied me in his job's pick up to bring me back home after. I wrote how he woke me and I waited him to enter the door. This morning he sent me a text message saying the car was done and he would pick me up around nine in the afternoon to pick it up. I woke up sickish with my head hurting and my nose running. I took Nym outside and return to sleep again. I know I dreamed several things. I remember nothing. 

I put the alarm at 8 and half to get up and be ready for my dad. I didn't really have the intention of showering or even changing clothes. Today would be a day of sleeping and resting. I had no plans. My father had asked me if I was to going out and I answered him no. Plans changed, I guess... 

He opened the door of my room and I barely woke up. Nymeria is lying beside me biting and clenching with her jaw the little walls on the inside of her plate. There is no food inside. Maybe it's just the anxiety of teething. 

I grabbed my phone, my wallet and the house keys. He asked me if I was ready and if I were going to go like that. "Yeah"... 

Was he saying it because I was not decent? Maybe he was just surprised of seeing me in male clothes and with my hair tied. I got into his pick up and he drove. We got to the shop and he stepped off and went inside. Someone gave him the keys and he walked out. I stayed in the cabin of his truck. I didn't want to get off. Maybe he would just drive the car towards the truck and just exchanges cars. 

He signaled me something but got into the car anyway. He drove it inside into the shop. After a little conversation with some of the mechanics, he signaled me again to go to them. I walked inside and the mechanic said good-morning. People saw me. I was just someone in pajamas and recently out of bed. Maybe that was. Were my fingernails still painted? Did I uncolored them yesterday or this morning? 

I drove back home and he went to his job. This time he didn't offer me to buy food. What did I ate for breakfast? Oh, right. I took the bread from the table and then in the afternoon, nothing. 

Catherine sent me a message saying she was in her elementary school and just saw somebody she knew. She would not go with Vania and her patient had cancelled. "Do you want to do something?" 

We agreed to going to the movies and maybe eat something. The car was ready so I picked her up. She offered to drive. No, I drove first. I remember her driving and turning around the hospital to avoid the traffic. Yeah, we got first into the Theaters in Paseo Chapultepec. We bought the tickets and decided to eat in the food trucks near Liliana's, no, our office. 

It was there that she offered to drive. We went to the Foodies La Cacho. We were going to try the craft pizza but instead we bought burgers. She ordered and asked my burgers without cheese. I was there when she said it and saw how the cashier annotated it in the order. After some minutes the burgers came and both had it. I decided against saying something. I told her it was because of the time, but honestly, I fear confrontations when I feel vulnerable. 

The dispatcher woman in the gas station welcomed me using female pronouns. I've changed, I put on the old make up I used to wear months ago. I saw my face weirdly in the mirror when I got out, but in the pictures I took in the food place I seemed alright. Even after the movies, I went into the women's bathroom and nothing happened, nobody saw me suspiciously or said anything. It's like if I were invisible... no, not really. It's as if I belonged. 

We went to see the movie of Fantastic beasts. The continuation of the Harry Potter universe. In the previews they showed a film, a documentary about the beatles. I told Catherine we could go see that and she was a little surprised. She looked at me as if she were meaning to ask something and instead she said she saw the preview and remembered about her distance with her best friend Viridiana. Was it today when she showed me the post about their friendship? 

We all have a past, I guess. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-19
Words:   759
Minutes: 28

I thought Catherine would not go to then think she would, again doubting she'd make it and finally receiving her, again, inside my old elementary school. 

I woke up around six in the morning. The sun wasn't out yet. I barely opened my eyes consciously about my surroundings when I perceived the silhouette of Nymeria trying to climb my bed. In what seemed like a blink I saw her going to the mat with her tail high and her back legs arched. It was too early to feed her. I cleaned her evacuations and told her to go back to bed. We slept again for some time. I fed her later in the morning, around eight, closer to nine. I had to awaken her. My father came with breakfast. We all sat at the table to eat. It's been long since that happened. 

I slept again. I've been feeling really tired. Maybe it's the flu or the allergies. I don't know. Luis' thing was in the afternoon. I returned to bed and put the alarm by eleven. It was time enough to get ready by noon. He had to be in his school by one. I could not get up from the bed. It was noon already and I just took my clothes to the bathroom. My mother was just finishing with her hair and everyone but Miguel were changed and ready. I asked her if they were all going to leave Luis. "Is Miguel ready?" I told her I didn't know. He was in the living room in his pajamas. He came upstairs and asked if he had to go. He didn't want to. I showered and said that I would caught up to them. Catherine told me how they would not let her leave early. Even the workers from the am shift were still there. 

I painted my nails and my mom called. "I'll pass the phone to her", I heard him say and grabbed the phone. She told me that there were posts already set up so we should get going. She thought that Catherine would go still. 

I left right then. Nymeria stayed with Miguel in the living room. I drove towards the school I went to, how many years ago? One since graduation, four of college, three of highschool and three of middle school. 11 years ago since I graduated from that school. 11 years ago when I was younger than Luis and he was still a baby. When I was a normal child and would never imagined myself as I look right now. 

I sent some messages to Catherine. She took her rests and then told me how she had gotten off. The friends of her mother would take her to Cathy's job and from there she could come. She had missed Luis dance already, but maybe we could go somewhere to dinner. My phone was dying. It had less than three percent when we exchanged the last messages moments before I welcomed her outside the school. 

I told her how I've dreamed a lot in that building. Countless dreams have happened in the second floor of there. Me in classes or coming out, climbing the stairs. Going still to school even in college as if something were still unfinished or undone. 

I made the mistake of asking my mother if she talked to her psychologist friend about the reference. She told me how her friend told her that she didn't think it was a good idea sending him to anyone. He was in his teenage years, in the phase of puberty and the hormones and the physical changes and the chaotic emotions. It might just be a phase of a pattern as consequence of affiliation or something like that. I could feel and see my body as she was talking. I noticed my hands calming themselves and my feet not finding where to stay.

I feared that. I feared nobody would believe him that everyone would just assume that he'd be following my steps, that I was the first and real one and he was just confused or imitating. Am I making this, my  hell, harder for him? 

Selfishly I don't want to go through what I went through again. I don't want to re-experience, even vicariously, what I suffered. I don't even want to witness it. And yet, I am abandoning him. I am letting him go through everything alone and without support, without help, doubted and denied. All of it because of me. 

How can it not be my fault? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-20
Words:   757
Minutes: 38

Days keep passing by like shooting cars on a highway or raindrops falling on the window in a rainy night. After not being able to sleep I took my phone and opened the photos app. I went back to the beginnings of the year and looked at the pictures of me. Month by month I reviewed my face and expressions. Seeing when and what clothes I bought. The first times I wore them and the smiles in the pictures I took. I could see the subtle changes on both my appearance and apparent mood. I see the most recent ones and compared to the first ones, I am different. I have changed. 

Today it's been seven months since the first day I took my hormones. Seven months, more than half a year. 

Tomorrow I'll see Itaye. I remember talking to her in high school. Once after a class or in a free hour we sat and chatted. She asked me what I was going to study or what my plans were for the future or something like that. She was Telma's friend. Telma was this soccer player, dark-skinned girl with black hair and playful toughness in her personality. I don't think she knows about me. I haven't heard from her in years. We were never close, really. With lots of people I wasn't. 

I woke up early today but kept returning to bed. I am and was tired. When I took Nymeria outside I felt a roughness in my throat. Maybe rest and sleep would help. I ate both of my biscuits. Fuck it. We would do nothing today. I asked them and they answered. Maybe tomorrow we'll go to the United States. Tomorrow is a free day because of the revolution of Mexico. I did not know that. I'll see a patient in the evening. I should print the interview right now. I don't need to rehearse it. I could do it freehand now, I guess. It's comforting having a guide, though. 

Catherine went to work and back. Now she's asleep, I guess. She's just answering. Moments ago I got into the pottermore page where I did the tests that supposedly tell you which Hogwarts house would you end up selected in. I did the other one as well that tells you what form your patronus would take. That being the spell of defense that is made from the happiest memory you have. 

Would I even be able to cast it? 

What would my happiest memory be? I don't think I have the energy or will to ponder about that right now. 

Yesterday I went to dinner with my family and Catherine. We went to that restaurant in the neighborhood of my childhood. I lived far away from there, nonetheless I went to grade school and jr high there and my mom's school is there and the house of my childhood best friend.  The first time we went to that place was with Norma and Jessica. In 2008 when the crime spree in Tijuana developed that place was the host of one of the firsts civilian shootings. Panic reined over the city for years. People narrate that period as when the narcos stopped just killing themselves and everyone were in danger. 

Ever since I was a young child I feared criminals. I told Rene several times in session how to me, monsters were real, but there were no ghosts of beasts, they were killers and kidnappers. They would come to my home and take me from there or kill all of us to take our stuff. But even then, I never really considered myself in danger. I mean, yeah, nothing protected me, but I wasn't more vulnerable than anyone. 

Now, I am. I live in the second most dangerous country for trans people. The north one have some draconian laws that try to control even where I can and can't go to the bathroom. I have to hide and protect the my identity and personhood for fear of being doubted, or harassed or even attacked. 

People might come and flirt with me and then turn hostile when they realize why I am not interested. Even walking around holding the hand of the woman I know is something that infuriates lots of people. Our relationship is not natural in their eyes. We are a menace to their values and families. My own existence is a burden and disgrace to them. They don't know me, they haven't seen me nor heard my name. And yet, I am hated.   

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-21
Words:   790
Minutes: 72

I saw my patient, Itayee. She's the first patient that I get by myself. I charged her my fee and attended her by my own. I feel fine. I guess...

Catherine went to work today. She has the same schedule as last week. That means she'll rest tomorrow and Wednesday and Friday. She'll get off her shift later today in the night. She got in at 2 in the afternoon, so she'll get home probably an hour before midnight. 

I didn't know until yesterday that today is a free day. I sent Lili a message asking her if the Center would be open and if she'd be there. Her answer was just a thumbs up and a kissing smiley. I got up thinking we would go to the United States. Luis and my grandma were already up and in the living room. I took Nymeria outside but let her back in after realizing the floor was all wet. I ate two tacos of the eggs my grandma made as breakfast. My father came down and when I asked him, he replied that my mother didn't want to go, if I had a reason to go to the Unite States. I told him no. I mean, I want to go, but I don't think I have a reason. I can wait another week, I guess. 

I went back to bed around nine in the morning and stayed in bed for most of the day. I slept and slept and dreamed and dreamed. My mind rested and didn't. Nymeria stayed with me in the room lying on her flower. Someone woke me because of some reason but I can't remember. 

I didn't get up until two when I fed Nymeria and started considering getting ready. My mom went somewhere, was it Rosarito? I don't know. 

Catherine got off and just sent me a message she's waiting for the bus. We are talking about my patient and how my session went. 

I got dressed with jeans and a grey hoodie and gave my face a pass with the double edged razor. There was no point in shaving my chest or my pits. My clothes were androgynous. Yeah, all of them were women's but still, there was something in my image that even made myself doubt. 

Time passed and I didn't know if waiting or leaving. Catherine talked about a protests of the bus and taxi drivers. She left home early because of that. I returned for a 100 bill and my ring. I've been wearing the graduation ring almost daily. I didn't even want it when we were looking for grad packages. I like that it's feminine and its design that it's two rings interlaced, as the two people I were at the moment of graduation. 

I'm seeing a video posted by Vinicio, well, more like shared, about the sex reassignment surgery of a MtF trans person. He had several likes on his post but I got into the original video to read the comments. Why would I enter into that? There are hateful comments and the defensive ones that question why the people are so hateful or judgmental about the actions and bodies of others. I remember years ago when I would read those same comments and variety, but the ratio was very different. Now it's more like half and half. And even then, I read most of the negative ones and they readily mention God. 

Do I have a reason now to hate religion and distance myself from those places? 

Catherine is home. I sent her a message telling, asking her if she wanted to do something tomorrow or the day after that she'll be free. She answered that she doesn't know. She wants to, but she doesn't feel like going out. 

Why do I feel hurt by that? 

I drove towards the Medical Centre and all the way there I realized how early is the sunset now. It wasn't even five thirty and it was already dark. I got and parked next to a car without wheels. We were the only two cars parked outside. The Food places across the street were almost all empty. Just a sushi place and the one on the corner were the only opened. 

I had thought about going into the D'volada and buy a cup of chai tea. When I got to the door I realized it was closed and a pinprick of fear caught my attention. I sent a message both to Lili and my patient. In some moments Lili came down and then my patient arrived. Everything went well. I just, it's done, I guess. I'll have tomorrow free. 

Maybe Wednesday I'll just see Rene. Maybe I will see Catherine. Who knows... 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-22
Words:   799
Minutes: 25

"Has Luis eaten?" "No, he's upstairs. We talked on our way here, and when we arrived he got into bed" I sensed what that was about and stayed quiet while sitting in front of my computer at the same table. My dad went somewhere, maybe the kitchen, maybe upstairs. He left. My mother turned to me and felt the need to update me. "I asked him about his discomfort, since when it began. He said it's been around four months, since the changes started, the hair and... the puberty changes... What do you think? Should I take him to a sexologist?" 

I was empty inside, both in my chest and my mind. There was no thought or emotion but the urge of getting away. I shook my head and told her I didn't know. "How don't you know?" I don't. I asked her if she won't go to therapy herself. She said she hasn't been able to contact the psychologist. And conversation died there. 

I sent a message to Catherine but it stayed unseen and later unanswered. When she finally replied it was with a twist of the mouth and confessing she doesn't know what to tell me. 

I don't want her to say anything. There is nothing to say. Then what do I want? What is the purpose of my sharing?

I feel this nervousness and uneasiness all over me. I'm exhausted and I don't know why. In the back of my mind lies this fear that I am sick. That there is some disease taking toll off my body, Maybe the illness is a series of irrational thoughts or heavy emotions. Maybe. 

Tomorrow I'll see Rene. Last week he called me a couple hours before the session, when Catherine and I were on our way to the meeting in the office, to cancel it. I understood, even though I really needed it. I need it now, too. Maybe more, yeah, I think I need it more. 

Why does every time that I consider of leaving therapy or prolonging my sessions something comes that makes everything so hard? 

I've been remembering those times that I can't send away the idea of breaking up with Catherine. 

It's not that I don't love her anymore or that I am sick or tired of her company. It's not that I don't want to see her again. 

What is it? Why do I consider isolating myself when I am burdened by the fear of ending alone? 

Yesterday a sentenced came when I was asleep. Maybe it was a dream or just a pre-oniric thought. "I think it's best to get used to not being around you while I have friends and family, that bear the loneliness of being completely alone" 

Is that a reason or an excuse? 

I won't break up with her. I don't want to. It's the opposite of what I desire. 

I woke up in the morning just moments after my mother left the house. I ate and took my pills in the meantime of Nymeria's breakfast and going outside. I returned to bed as usual and slept through most of the morning. It happened some other days before. In the in-betweens of those moments of consciousness I am troubled by the realization that most of the day has passed, that I am wasting daylight to be hidden in slumber avoiding reality. I think about seeing the watch and noticing how is the late afternoon and feeling guilty about being so useless and weak. I end up seeing hte hour and noticing it's not as late as I feared. And even then, I am unable to get away, to get up and face the world. I cowardly return to dark avoidance of rest. 

Nymeria climbed the bed and I let her lie by my side. She stayed there for an hour before wandering around and me putting her down. 

Lili asked who evaluated Arantza so that person could get in contact with the psychiatrist to arrange the delivering of the report. I answered and she gave me the number. It was late already so I didn't decide to call his secretary right then. My father was by my side and my mother on the head of the table. Honestly I guess I was ashamed of calling and introducing myself as the psychologist Sofia. The act itself and being witnessed by my parents. 

With what face can I confront my father anymore when he might think that he losing another child is my fault. 

I don't know that. I am putting thoughts and emotions in him. 

I am the thinks that. I am the one who blames myself. 

I thought about going to the beach after session. Having some time to myself in some coffee place to think or not-feel. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-23
Words:   864
Minutes: 27

I agreed with Catherine to go out today. She had said that she didn't really feel like going somewhere. She did want to see me, but the idea of going out, I guess it was tiring to her. I told her my plans of visiting the beach, even if I had to go alone. I had to leave my home, I could not stay here. Before falling asleep she told me she could accompany me. Later we confirmed. Today we could set the plan. 

I got up before my mother left. I went to the kitchen while Nymeria ate. There was a tortilla bag with two tacos inside. Or where there three? I don't remember. I ate half of the first one and Nymeria came to the second part of her morning routine. When we returned back inside I took my pill case and finished my meal. 

I was tired, even though I had convinced myself that I would stay up all morning and won't sleep until the night, I couldn't resist getting into the sheets. I slept maybe two or three hours more. I know I dreamed with Monica again. I made a mention of it with Rene. Even later I would made a comment about that with Catherine. We have talked about what would happen were our relationship end. Could we stay friends or keep contact? The answer she had given me was a no. Even when I insisted and urged her to think or consider, she said it would depend on the circumstances. I remembered her. She changed her mind. I told her how, no matter what happens between us, I would never want to go through what I went with Monica again. 

In my dream I was in my old house in Otay, specifically my parent's bedroom. I was alone, I think. And the phone, or was it my cellphone?, rang and I answered. Her voice came through the speaker. I did not see her face, I could not sense her intentions from her inflection nor words. Why would she talk to me? Why, after all this time, would we speak to each other? 

I can't remember the beginnings of the conversation, but when she used a feminine word to describe me, I felt both excitement and disbelieve. Why would she say that? What happened? 

I woke up and gave it no more thought than it deserved. I showered and changed. We agreed, Catherine and I, that she would meet me outside Rene's and from there we could go to the beach. I  talked in the morning to the psychiatrist office and received the e-mail from his secretary. I forgot to send it before leaving to my session. 

I walked to Rene's office and waited a couple of minutes outside. I bought a bottle of lemonade to break a 100 bill. The cashier asked me if I had the 10 pesos, but I didn't tell him that my whole intention of the transaction was that I didn't. He looked at me with a faint face of irritation. 

In the session I spoke about my home. I thought about talking about Monica's dreams before Luis, to waste time, to avoid it just as I avoid it in real life. But I didn't. I talked about it since the very beginning. I cried an important fraction of the session. I spoke about how it happened, how it hurt, how my mother told me and my father and talked to him. 

At the last 10 or 15 minutes I made a mention of my ex's dreams, their frequency and importance, my reaction and emotions related to them and my thoughts. Later, when I talked about the idea of breaking up with Catherine because of my fear of not being able to get over her alone, I related my wish to get away, to flee and leave Luis and my family to deal with this whole situation. 

"So, just like Monica did". 

It was such a great punch, than instead of being hurt I broke into laughter. 

"I don't know how to feel about that. Should I came to understand more about how she felt and her motive, or do I have more reason now to resent myself just as I do her". 

Catherine waited for me outside. We stopped at Soriana and bought a loaf of bread each. She bought a plate for her dog and a doughnut. 

We went to Argana. The service is worse every time we go. And as such, every time that we are served by the waitress of the time before our leaving, I cringe before her speaking. She misgendered me again. This time, more than sadness, it was irritation. 

We made a stop in the coffee near the beach and we talked and chatted as we did when we were in college. We saw the dark waves coming and whistling and shared stories and memories. 

I agreed of having a drink with Paola tomorrow. A coffee, more than a drink. I'll explain and give her tutorship about the MMPI. I'm a little excited about it. Maybe we could talk and plan the course before my next departure. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-24
Words:   848
Minutes: 23

Even after the insight and both self and given interpretation I could not get out of bed. I woke up, again, before my mother had left. I ate while Nymeria did as well. I took her outside and return to my pills and the rest of my meal. I had agreed to meet Paola in the Starbucks of the Galerias plaza an hour after noon. 

In the night I got woken up by the cold. Is it dusk or dawn? Which is the early morning. Opening a new tab to look up for a word makes me lose time and the flow of thought. I'll just look it up later. It's not like I don't have distractions anyway. Just now I'm returning from cleaning the piss on the outside of the mat. 

I took the thick sheet? Covertor? Cobertor? I don't know, that thing I place over the sheets so I am more warmed. I dreamed about something. The second time I woke up I was wet from nightmarish sweat. I don't think my ex was in this batch of dreams. 

She wasn't in the second either. Again I let Nymeria got on my bed and sleep with her. Almost all of morning passed. I started to get ready just minutes before noon. It was weird going to that plaza. It's been a lot since I stepped foot in there. I can't even estimate the months that have been since I went there. I went with my parents. One movie, I got into the movie theater and felt exposed. 

This time I got just some minutes short of the accorded time. I waited resting on the fence of the central garden in front of the Starbucks. I thought about ordering something but I had in mind how Paola said it would be her treat. It would be awkward ordering after that, and I wasn't in the mood to let something free go away. 

I knew, well, inferred, that Monica would be working. It's a week day and it was just noon. Even then I felt just as exposed as that other time I didn't even recalled. Every person going and turning could be noticing me or seeing me. My clothes were androgynous as if I were expecting that. I wore the same black leggings and one of the long-sleeved shirts from my male wardrobe. I didn't put on my flats but the red vans tennis shoes. I even considered going with my face without any make up. I put it on like the first times I used it. Something subtle. I took a picture and sent it to Catherine telling her how today I did went boyish. She said I looked even girlier than yesterday. Was that the answer I was waiting for? 

Paola sent me a picture of the traffic she was in, I replied her saying not  to worry and that I would wander around window-shopping. I entered the Walmart of the place and looked around. I carried the backpack with my laptop and stuff. It's the Comercial Mexicana where they ask or demand that you left any bags in some wardrobe to be kept while you shop. I forgot about that completely until I thought I heard the voice of a worker calling for me. I decided to leave and went outside again. 

Paola didn't hesitate to arrive after that. We talked, at first I explained the test to her, how the simple statistics apply to psychometrics and what do they mean in the context of the MMPII and the T-scale. 

After I finished she told me how she had actually understood it. She could do her homework without problem. We stayed there with our drinks just chatting about school and the future and everything. I think we left around four. 

Catherine's shift is over. She should be on her way now. 

With Paola, she told me about giving a course to her classmates, explaining the homework and the test. I agreed. I could do that and earn some extra money. I told her to post it. By the time we left, she had just one answer. I guess probably there won't be anything tomorrow. 

She gave me a ride to my car. I paid the ticket in the last booth instead of the ones in the parking lot. 

Nymeria is outside. I call out her name hoping for an answer or hearing her footsteps signaling her arrival but instead my mother tells me that she's there hoping for some food to fall out of the table. 

When I went to the bathroom I think I heard her vomit. After coming downstairs she stepped on the doorframe of my room and told me how Nymeria had hopped and fallen on one of her legs. I looked at her expecting some follow-up with new information about Luis or her first session. But there was nothing. Even now, I think how I'll finish the words and she'll greet me with an uncomfortable conversation. 

This is almost as hard as before that I had opened up about me. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-25
Words:   899
Minutes: 26

I remember as if it were yesterday how I missed a day and lost the hundreds streak. Now I've finished almost three weeks since then, almost a fifth of a hundred. Time's running, blindingly fast. It's nauseating. Yesterday I finished the words at an early hour and went to bed just entering the night. Even I was surprised that I could sleep that early. It wasn't even ten o'clock when I told Catherine I would try to sleep. I know I dreamed something but I can't remember its contents. 

I sent a message to Paola asking her if there were any news about the potential course I could give in her university. She didn't answer until this morning. Her message says that only the one girl that had commented but even she said nothing afterwards. I thanked her and, a little relieved I continued with the new day. 

Yesterday I agreed with Catherine to doing something in the afternoon. I proposed it and she said that she was thinking of going out with her parents. They could go somewhere for breakfast. Later today she explained that she misses those Sunday's family breakfasts. Now that she works, she doesn't eat with her family. The weekends that her father doesn't work, she does. So, she took the opportunity of her father's given day because of Thanksgiving and invited them to the restaurant we went with my family. If she went to breakfast with her family, she could pick me up and do something after her meeting with the patient. 

By that time I would had already finished with the course on Paola's school or taking Nymeria to her last shot in the vet. I didn't do none of those things. 

After breakfast, both Nymeria's and mine, I took us back to bed, literally. I invited her to climb up and we slept for the rest of the morning. Later that my mother and grandma came downstairs to breakfast she woke up and I opened the door to let her out and accompany them. 

Even after sleeping early yesterday and resting most of the night, I was exhausted and unable to get up and out. 

Catherine went and returned from her breakfast and then went on her way to the office. I showered and changed. I'm wearing the red pants and the squared blouse half buttoned. Every one of my clothes is feminine, I'm wearing make up. 

I decided not to take Nymeria to the vet. I can take her in the weekend or next week. Later when I went to the bathroom and calmly checked the date I realized how today isn't even the day that she turns 4 months. 

Catherine picked me up earlier, her patient was a no show. 

I left just a little after my mom and grandma returned from picking Miguel from school. I got into her car and greeted her. We tried to decided where to go with no avail. She was hungry. I ate just one or two nuggets that my mother bought me. The rest with the fries are still in the kitchen. We stopped in the park and chatted for a while. I had a deja vu. I asked her about where to go and she told me she didn't want to talk about that right then. She continued talking about Liliana and the psychologists. 

We ended up going to the Alitas. We had fun chatting and talking and laughing. We ordered each a drink with tequila and clamato. She ate a burger and I some wings. After finishing we went for a hot drink in Dinasty12. Everything turned upside down. We talked first about something... well, obviously. Before that, the waitress received us and put the menus on the table. She welcomed us with the neutral masculine. And then confirmed it again with a "listos". When I told Catherine she told me how she thought she had said "Bienvenidas", but later "listos". I'd lie if I say it wasn't upsetting. I even told Rene how I stopped caring that much, but it was disheartening. 

We talked about DF. What could we take with us and all that. Somehow the question about she coming with me came up.

I remember. We talked about birthdays and I told her that by hers maybe I wouldn't be here anymore. That's when the question came up, maybe she could come with me?  

"I don't want to..." 

"I know you have to go and stay there earlier, but I don't want to. It's the opposite of the semester abroad. Then I could not wait to leave, but know I don't want to until I have to" 

She noticed how my face changed. Later on our way home she asked me if she had made me upset. I lied to her. 

I have to, but I don't want to, either. Even when I told Paola, I repeated how it everything fits. Even if I don't get in, doing it this way I can fix my papers and all of that. It's as if I want to convince everybody that it's the best way and most rational choice. 

But I'm scared. 

I am really scared. I want her to come with me, I don't want to do this alone. I don't know if I can. 

But I can't ask her. Less now that I know she doesn't want to. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-26
Words:   897
Minutes: 25

Nymeria is lying on her new bed by my side. The little couch-like mattress is right besides the desk. I was thinking about putting it next to my bed, but hers is almost wider than half of the free space between the bookcase and the bed. She looks small lying on there. I like seeing her biting it and turning around and then resigning herself to lying and resting. 

The images of the dream of last night are still lingering on the back of my mind. I sent Catherine a message in the morning. The text reads that I found it hard to fall asleep, I was scared about thinking of next year's moving and had the effects of the late tea. I had bad dreams. 

I wasn't really expecting her to ask about more information of my dreams. 

I went to bed earlier but could not rest. The thoughts of going to the capital and the conversation of earlier with Catherine bounced over and over in my conscience. What will my travel entail? I'll have to go to the airport and present both my boarding pass in the wrong name and a confirming id with a mismatch picture. I'd go through security and again present the boarding ticket at the gate. 

I'll arrive to the new city and will have to find a way to move to the hotel or inn or hostel or whatever I'm going to check in. In there, somebody will ask me about a reservation that I'll have to make in the wrong name as well, because I have no way of confirming my identity. 

Then I'll look for a new apartment in which I'll have to call and set up meetings with landlords or roommates that will be potentially discriminating and hateful. How many offerings will I have to ignore because they ask for a man which I am not, or a woman, which they won't believe I am? 

Getting an apartment will be a struggle all on its own. Even after outing myself and still being accepted and having it and setting the papers and formalities, I'll still need to look for a way to verify my address. I need an address verifier to start the process of changing it, so all of this will still be presenting me as Ivan to strangers and explaining my situation. After having this way of confirm that I live there, I can finally start the process of getting a local id, which, again I'll have to get with the forgotten name, and registering to the free sex clinic. In the latter, I'll present tons of different documents with the wrong name and gender so I'll can be interviewed by a psychologist or even a social worker that will assess me if I can be a candidate of their services.

 A month later I'll have enough to finally start the process of changing of name. With a new id with a match picture but wrong information I'll be able to ask for a new birth certificate. 10 days after, I'll get the paper which will let me process, again, the local id with my new name and info. And a month after that, I'll finally have something that ensures my identity. 

Until then, I'll be battling the world trying to defend who I am. I'll be vulnerable and exposed in a large and dangerous new city. A tiny animal in a jungle filled with wild predators. 

I woke up some minutes before seven. At the night I invited Nymeria to climb the bed. We ate some food and while she pooped I took my pills. I was thinking about the dream in which I was with Monica in a room somewhere. We talked and, were we laughing? Why the happier I am in those dreams, the more upset I wake up? 

I waited an hour in the living room to anyone to came down and confirm we would be going to the United States. Both of us slept for an hour or two. 

We did go. We ate brunch at Denny's where I asked for the burger with egg inside. I was wearing lady jeans and the purple sweater. My father called me Ivan twice and I think I heard my mother say it once along the day. 

In the Denny's my mother said how she skipped her course yesterday because she wasn't feeling alright, emotionally. She called in, the session had moved things too much. Later, she threw at the table how she was recommended by her therapist that we should all attend family therapy. My father looked at her, no, he stayed facing ahead, but his face changed confirming he heard her. He said nothing, though. 

I don't want to. I don't want to explain myself again, or defend who I am, or hear what emotions I am causing them, their pain and grief because of something I did not ask nor choose. Catherine said maybe I wouldn't be the protagonist, but Luis. Still I am scared. 

I don't want to stay and I don't want to go. 

I want people to see me. I don't want to defend who I am, just be. Why can't I just be? Why does it have to be so hard and laborious and difficult for me to prove who I am, to live my life? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-27
Words:   791
Minutes: 36

I moved the bed back next to mine. Every time I turned off the lights, Nymeria would get off hers and calmly waltz over mine and climb to my side. After the third time I moved the bed to just push her out. She spent the night in there. It passed silently. 

The morning was usual. I didn't took her out because of the rain. I let her do her stuff inside. It was a quicker routine. The breakfast came as usual. The dog looks cuter in her red holiday t-shirt. In the morning when we slept again I let her climb to the bed and even hold her between my arms. I felt the beating of her heart on my chest. 

The nights feel a little less lonely. 

I've been studying the math subjects in the page. Yesterday that... no, it wasn't yesterday. I returned with Catherine. Yesterday I went out with my parents to the United States. It was Friday that I and Catherine went to eat. On our way home we talked about French and how every time I would say some word in that language she would think of my ex. 

I remembered Liliana's recommendation of the Duolingo site. I've been thinking today about returning to it. I might sign in with the different e-mail, a new profile. Start over again. 

The subjects in the test guide are still unreviewed. The dates of the timeline are closer than I imagined. The first deadline is this Friday. I have done that thing, I guess. I am registered on their database. My legal info is. I have an extra month to upload the papers. The period of time where I was supposed to send the e-mail asking for a bank reference started already. I sent it today. 

I should have uploaded the papers I have and written the letters needed to be redacted. 

For a while I forgot or ignored the possibility of going to the family therapy that my mother mentioned. 

Somehow we talked about the past and everyone from my mother and grandma mentioned the memories they have of Ivan and everything. My father called me with that same name to hand me the week money. Maybe a session would be the perfect setting to mention my discomfort and my pain. Because I understand, it doesn't mean I don't suffer. 

In the show I watch, Shameless, Trevor, the trans guy has an argument with Ian when the bar where they were supposed to go is closed of an event. Ian mentions another cowboy bar nearby, but Trevor shoots down the idea saying they card on the front door. "You are over 21", he says not understanding. I did understand him. I understood him too well. 

Catherine is upset because Anahi proposed her to go to Universal Studios the same day we set the Christmas party with our friends. She tells me how when she told his dad about going, he reply to her how they can go to somewhere where they don't have to ride anything. 

She is upset. She could not go to the premieres, and when the park opened, she was not able to attend with us as we had planned. I see her frustration. 

I feel like an asshole thinking how I'd give anything so that my issues were just those, not being able to go soon to a theme park I've been meaning to go. 

I resent her for her answer about not wanting to go with me. I ask her if she has told Anahi how she felts, and yet I lied to her when she asked me if she had saddened me. 

Earlier, months ago, when we talked about marriage and why she wasn't comfortable with the idea of doing it, she mentioned we were not ready. She didn't feel ready, and she didn't think I was either. 

"You're too self-absorbed in your own issues to care about mine". Moments like these make me think she's right. 

I'll see my patient tomorrow, tomorrow evening, thirty minutes after last week. Earlier that same day I plan to take Nymeria to the vet. I was just thinking about something else I could or wanted to do. Was it going to Dax and buying another nail polish? Was it looking for tights? Why would I need any of those things? 

This Wednesday I'll see Catherine when we'll go to Lili's meeting. It's next week that we'll go to Bettuccinni's for Gilda's birthday and two days later the Christmas party. I was thinking of wearing the dress this Wednesday, maybe I could wear it at the party, or maybe I could wear the other gray one, Catherine used to say how it looks very holiday-ish.



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-28
Words:   852
Minutes: 17

I woke up half an hour before it was time to get up. I can't remember if I tried covering myself again with the green blanket. If I did, I should had woken up in the middle of the night drowning in sweat and took it off. I slept the time until 7. In my dreams I was in some kind of school, was it the same building that I told Catherine I keep visiting in the nights when I sleep? I looked for a place to sit and realized I was wearing a school skirt. It was weird and unfamiliar having to worry about keeping my legs closed in a class setting. Something happened in it, maybe the classmates, maybe the teacher, I just remember the dread of worrying if they could notice I was different. 

Was I a child? Was I older? 

I fed the dog and let her shit outside in the wet floor. We came back and I filled my pill box and made two tacos with the eggs that were in the pan over the stove. I was in my bed again, under my sheets when I was talking with Catherine and seeing Facebook. I scrolled down and stopped at the window of the "people you might know". The first one caught my attention, none of them had any friends in common with me. Raul, he was from COLEF, another intern of our time there. I looked to the other one. The picture was darkened, Leslie Fernandez. 

Leslie Fernandez. And I saw the face, even in the dark I could trace the silhouette of the nose and the eyes and the hair. It was the name that shocked me. I no longer have two brothers, I guess. 

I got into the profile and saw what was posted. There was just that darkened profile picture and a cover one of two shadows. It was like my cover picture, maybe. My sibling made the profile just 10 hours before. Just before they fell asleep. Last night. 

I took a screencap and sent it to Catherine. "What are you thinking? What do you feel?" "I just wish I hadn't seen it". 

She wished that, too. 

I let Nymeria come to the bed and we both fell asleep. We stayed there all morning. I didn't get up until after noon. Catherine sent me another message sending me a picture of the back of Anahi's ticket to Universal and asking me what mine said. I got mad. I had told her several times mine expires in December. I would have to explain it again, her issue, her problem agains mine which had gotten worse. 

I told her and she apologized. I got out of the bed and took the picture to send her, that would put an end to that topic. Maybe she made me doubt myself. I got out. Did I shower then or did I wait something more? 

I was out of the shower when Miguel sent me a text asking if I had taken Nymeria to the vet and would I be able to pick him up. I answered back saying I was just out of the shower and thought maybe I could pick him up and take him with us to the vet. We agreed. I finished and went. I realized that I had just fed her and remember how she pukes. Maybe it would be best to come back for her later. 

I picked him up and drove us back home. I put the harness to the dog and the leash. I grabbed the box from the laundry room and got her in the car. We got to the vet without any issue. She was crying the first fraction of the trip. I let her come to my lap while I drove. Something in my gut was telling me it was a bad idea, but she was calm and relaxed. We got there and she didn't throw up. I was called miss and lady in there. They put her last shots and I filled the little certificate. 

Before being called, as we entered, there was a kid with his family in there. Did they have a dog or where they just waiting for someone else? He mentioned something about Nyme. And then he told himself how she was a girl. Do people say that of me, too? 

I made a stop in the gas station, just minutes before arriving home she threw up on my leg and the car. It was the consequence of not using the box I took. 

I went to see my patient. I told Liliana how today got out the application of the master. There is the first date of the test in the capital. 4th of february. Two days before Cathy's birthday. Just as she said, I would not be here to celebrate it with her. 

"Maybe I won't be here for my birthday" she commented. 

She said she looked at the info and was a little excited at first before she saw the date. 

I never stopped feeling nervous and anxious. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-29
Words:   788
Minutes: 26

I waited before returning to bed and sleeping again. 

In my dream I was in school again, I was no longer a child nor was I wearing any kind of uniform. Vinicio was the professor, I can't remember what was the class about. Some of the classmates weren't the ones I frequented on the university. Something happened that the professor started mocking them. Several took it, not too well. They reciprocated physically and violently. I was caught in it, someone stood beside my and let fall unto me the contents of a bag filled with jalapeños. In rage I got up and ran following him. Somebody in the door said something or tried to stop me and I hit him. 

The professor apologized. And then people were called. I woke up. 

Again I got up before time. This time I waited in bed. I fed the dog and let her outside. Was my mother gone? No, I saw the two packages of burritos and asked which was mine. I took my pills losing the count of the weeks that have been since the beginning. My mother left and my grandma sat in the couch with me. 

"Has Laura talked to you?" "Kinda..." I said ambiguously enough to be able to lose the subject were it to come. "...about Luis", she continued and there was no longer any way out. 

She talked. She knows. Edgar knows too. They all think it's about his changes of puberty and all of that. It's confusion or a phase. They are no experts. Even the experts seem to be lost. 

"Her friend, the teacher of the school" she is actually a psychologist, one of the experts, "told her, to research if someone in the family practiced black magic"

I was enraged. How the fuck would any professional psychologist dare to enunciate such bullshit to someone who was in crisis? 

My grandma continued telling me, asking me if I had seen my mother cry. She was really moved by her session with the psychologist. "She told her that she has to deal with the grief, to 'focus on burying Ivan'". There is something in that sentence that annoys me. 

I dealt for months, years maybe, the fight with the urges to really kill myself. I didn't choose to die, I chose to live. I decided to fight to live, to face the world and myself and embrace life with its pains and horrors. And yet everyone's suffering the lose of "Ivan", as if I killed him. 

"You took my best friend mercilessly from me" said M. She hates me. Worse, she has just forgotten me. 

"I don't agree, 'No, Laura' it's still the same person, we should be thankful that there is no sickness. She is still here, she's the same one, the same personality and everything'" "Edgar says the same, she hasn't changed, everything's the same, he is just she now". 

She continued and mention my dad, but that was wrong. "Jose Luis, says the same 'He will always be my son'". Are they saying the same thing? Is he still in denial? Will he ever come out of it? 

Would I be able to cut him off were he incapable of seeing me for who I am? 

My grandma mentioned how yesterday, before I returned home, she said about my dad how "he just doesn't give a shit". She repeated it again. My father, according to grandma, stayed silent. 

I returned to bed around 10 in the morning and slept. I let Nymeria climbed to my side and we both rested and hide from the day. I didn't get up until the afternoon, two hours in the afternoon. Catherine had sent me a message asking me if I was asleep and I answered it. She wanted to invite me to her home to eat. I declined. 

She even accepted to bathe Nymeria if I would just take her to her home. I had no energy nor will to do that. I didn't want to shower or get ready. I didn't want to do nothing. I was well-rested and still exhausted. 

Later I would ask her if she thinks I've been dealing with all of this in the wrong way. 

She told me how she doesn't want to judge, she doesn't know what she would do were she in my shoes. Before this, she could imagine or compare her situation to mine, but now she's blank. She thinks, though, that she'd deal differently with Luis. Were she able to be with them and help or support, she'd do it. 

That's the thing, though, I would reply later with tears in my eyes. 

I want to, but feel sick and guilty, because I can't. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-11-30
Words:   773
Minutes: 43

I'm almost finished with Trigonometry. Two more themes and I'm done. I could continue with Statistics and actually review something that will be in the test. 4th of February. As I told Catherine over tea, I ought to talk with my parents as soon as possible about what am I , are we, going to do next year. 

I feel like its another burden with the load they're bearing with right now. Another weight on top of the deal that I brought them at the beginnings of this year. 2016 was a hard year. How will 2017 be? 

I woke up and stayed up in the morning. There were no burritos in the kitchen, just the towel-wrapped ones of the table destined to my mom. I checked the pan and noticed how in there was a scrambled egg and some fried beans. I heated one old tortilla and took Nymeria outside. My mom came downstairs and asked if Grandma had made burritos. "To you she did", I answered. She checked inside with the intention of offering me one, but they had cheese. She left, I told it was alright, I had already eaten. I didn't want to eat much, anyway. The dress I wore today was slim fitting. My mom doesn't like wearing dresses. I am not really affectionate of them, but I don't mind them. Catherine loves how I look in them. I like seeing her face when I walked towards there with a really feminine attire. 

I showered and changed. I shaved as close as I can. I even shaved my legs and body although I would be wearing long sleeves and hosiery. I painted my nails before stepping into the shower. I had them with a light cream color. They are now a dark red, a crimson wine-like hue. They matched the tights on my legs. 

Catherine picked me up half an hour before the meeting with Liliana. Yesterday I made the appointment to this Friday with the new patient. We got there in time, early even. We entered to Lili's office and sat on her waiting office. In the years we've been going there I've sat in different places. When we took Anahi to her first session with her, I waited with Eusebio and Jessica outside on the first floor. Her office was there, on the entrance to the left. Then, when Catherine went, she attended on the second floor on her current office, except the waiting room was now the Family setting where I've actually attended patients myself. 

Minutes later she came out from her personal office and not much after, the new recruit entered the door. I told Catherine before arriving how I felt kind of nervous or anxious about something. She asked me if it was because of my session with Rene, but I told her no. "Maybe it's about that a new person will meet you, and is a man?" I remembered her question as he came in and I saw a familiar face. Liliana introduced us, first to Catherine and he said how he knew us already. We were in a rehab class in seventh semester. He extended his hand but put his cheek anyway to greet me. 

Did he really recognize me? It was uncomfortable leaving and seeing him talking with Iris. It's probable that he recognized me and knew. Most people would realize there is something with me just with a short exchange of words. 

Catherine drove me near Rene and after some minutes of talking, she left me around the corner of the building. I got in and started the session with a yawn. "Are you tired?", he asked me. I talked about my fatigue and lose of energy. I talked about my mother and her session and the stupid comment of her psych friend. I talked about Leslie's new profile and picture. Even the name is something new and weird to type. 

Today I saw it again, as her nickname it was written "Les". The similarity of it threw me off guard. That's something I would never had done. 

We ate in Hornero, a kind of fancy pizza place next to El Cafe del Mundo. From there we drove to Galerias where I bought Nym's food. I bought two teas with Catherine's money. I gave my name to the cashier and they wrote it on the cups. We talked about everything, even Monica. Maybe I could ask Chevo if he gave Omar the box. I could even ask him if he took a peek, I would not judge him. I might had done the same in his place. 

Maybe later. 

