------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-01
Words:   770
Minutes: 29

I am not that drunk, and yet I struggled to grasp an initial thought to put in writing. 
I have been drinking, again. Well, not drinking. Not as much as a couple of days ago. Just a small glass of rum.

Yesterday was supposed to arrive my coffee, but I either didn't hear the guy knock at the door, or they went straight ahead and put the notification in the mailbox to just go pick it up. I don't remember the last time I actually brewed coffee. I have been waking up around noon, tired and depressed. Today was no exception. 

Again, I opened the apps as if I were to find something new and exciting. This is now borderline obsessive. And, for what? Going on another date where I'll be all nervous and awkward and the girl won't just feel it clicking. Maybe Monica has a point and I should just put it in the bio. The two dates in which the other girl knew I was trans were the ones that went better. Minas and Alice. But ended up being inconsequential, but it had to do more with my own issues than anything else. Minas wasn't really my type, and I saw in Alice what I fear everyone will see in me.

I deleted my account. There were more than 99 likes, but most of them were from men or from people that I swiped left. The internet said that closing and opening an account is cause for banning. I used the banned from eBay story to talk to this new girl in Hinge. I actually thought that app would be different, but after a couple of days, she's the only one with whom I chatted. The other girl, Sophie, just opened the chat but didn't really reply. Nobody else. 

I finished logging the finances in my bullet journal and reviewing the entry of August 1st, there's a small little note stating that Molly 'cancelled' the date. Below that it says "Monica thinks I came too strong". 

Even from that first girl, I've been screwing it.

I showered around 1pm. I served myself a bowl of cereal and toast with peanut butter. I thought I could do some work before the meeting, but I couldn't. I just wasted some time before the meeting.

Last night I read the first chapters of Rayuela. I talked with Sonny about it.
Today, I hesitated about telling her that I deleted Tinder. Why would she care? She does. She doesn't want me seeing anybody. Else.

Once I asked her why did she wanted to keep talking to me. I was thinking about Ana and her sudden lose of interest, or Kim and her kind rejection, or Flore and her disappearing. None of them were interested in talking with me after meeting me. We talked, I gave my best —did I, really?—, but it wasn't enough. What was different with Sonny? 

She then said that it doesn't really matter how she sees me. Because she's irrelevant now. I was very irritated with her text. She apologized but we stopped texting for the night. Now that I think of those messages she has a point. She likes me, she finds me attractive, she doesn't care that I am trans. Why do I think that that doesn't count? 

On the way to the post office inside the pharmacy I stopped at the SAQ. I bought a bottle of rum. On the way there and back, I stumbled with a few of women that I found very attractive. Does anyone think that way about me? Why would they? If they do, it's because they don't clock me, and whenever they would, they'd change their mind. 

I don't think I am going to work anymore today. I should not eat anymore. I cooked myself a bowl of pasta. Would it be a good idea to read? I don't really feel like it. Not even drinking more feels like something I want to do.

I don't know what else to write about. Tomorrow I'll have a meeting with Louis. I should ask him about how things are going to change now that the semester has started. Maybe going in person to the lab will be a required thing now. I could ask him about my time off. With how much anticipation should I request my week? 

Monica said she'd be telling me whenever she has any news. Will she really come?

Maybe the weeked I'll be having a videocall with my family.
I don't know what I'll tell them. Will they be able to notice I'm not well?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-02
Words:   818
Minutes: 34

Every day is as hard as the last. Things have not been getting easier. Why would they?

No. Things were a bit easier. I got up before noon. I don't remember if I dreamt something. I probably did. Probably the reason that made me get out of bed was that I had the new coffee bags to try.

I didn't start working first thing as I should, but I did more than usual. I had my one-on-one meeting with Louis this afternoon so I had to have something to tell him. I managed to run MAGeT, at last. I had set up the deskulled images and the subset of 21 random subjects. I could not set up the module for the CobraLab. I sent a message to Neda, hoping that there was something I could do on my own without having to contact someone on Mallar's team. Sadly, I had to sent an email. He replied back quickly. Everything is supposed to be running now. 

I got up earlier, but I also started drinking early, too. I remember when I was in Mexico City, at my lowest, I sent Eusebio a picture of a half-empty bottle of Licquor. Months later, after the Christmas Party fiasco he would remind me that he told me not to joke with alcohol to him. Did I send the picture as a joke or was I asking for help? I don't remember his response nor the message I sent. Maybe I did make a stupid joke. I probably did.

I remember realizing I had a problem when I bought a bottle a week. The rum that I bought yesterday is almost done. 

Alda came to the direction of my room around noon. She had a glass of orange juice in her hand. "I know it's too early to drink, but do you remember that drink we had the other night, Amaretto, it's really good with orange juice". I had a couple of sips. She said something about me having it before she left, but I gave her the glass back anyway. I thought it would be better for me not to start drinking. I served myself a glass of rum and ginger-ale soon after.

I got drunk really fast. Not boozed, not more relaxed, nor dizzy. Just drunk. It was around 1pm. Two hours before my meeting with Louis. Would he notice it? I grabbed an apple and a cereal bar to ease it up a bit. After the meeting, I made myself a meal. I kept drinking. I still am.

A couple of nights ago, Alda came up again in Tinder. I don't know why, it's not like Monica thought and she had sent me a like or anything, but still I felt uneasy somehow. Would Molly feel the same way if she saw my profile? Is this how it is when you see someone you know in those dating apps? Maybe that's how Vicky felt, too. Maybe she panicked as I did. Both of them swiped left. As I did with Alda.

I'm seeing Bo Burhnam's movie, Eight grade. I remember reading a review somewhere about how great it was for him to capture exactly what it's like being a middle school girl. Is that why I wanted to see it? I never was a middle school girl. Maybe I could see how different it is from what I experienced. 

The most pathetic thing I did today was look up if it was normal for me not to get any matches in Hinge. I do have some, though. I got the like from that guy. And then I got the invitation to chat from that other girl with my same name. My message stayed unreplied. The second match was with Gwen. Is that her name? I had matched with her earlier this year, I think I was still living in that studio. Recently I came up with her profile again after I started deleting the old ones. I didn't delete hers only because she's trans.

It's supposed to be easier talking to her as it was with Alice, right? Will I have the same problem?

I told Monica I deleted the apps. I did. 

I also deleted Flore's contact. Again. This time I also deleted the picture of the message I sent her, the picture where I got her number to readd her contact. How would I feel if some of the girls I stopped texting with just suddenly added me on Facebook? It wouldn't be the same. 

Or maybe it would be. Who cares... 

I care. That's the whole issue. I should not care. I should not get attached. That's the problem.

I got the e-mail from the counselor today. I sent an e-mail to Louis that I could not go to the funding guy meeting because I have an appointment with a counselor. Hopefully it helps. It probably won't. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-03
Words:   816
Minutes: 19

"Güey, yo a ni te topo."

I somehow remembered the nail prop that Alice went to her room to pick up and show me. Before that, she was proud about the reception that her post had gotten on reddit. I made a mental note to remember her username. Why? I never looked her up. That'd be creepy and invasive. I had forgotten her user by now.

So, I looked her up. I was nervous about what I'd find. Maybe she'd posted something on r/traaaaaans, about that disaster of a date she had recently with another trans girl. 'We've hit it off in the chat, so I invited her to my place in the afternoon. I had swiped her right because she was obviously trans, I thought it'd have made things easier. Before agreeing, she came out to me. Everything went downhill from there...' 

Of course there was nothing. I mean, there were lot of things. A lot of posts, and more comments. Some of them really successful, others not so much. It was a relief not seeing any mention of me in the more recent ones. But then again, I am the one who overattaches way too quickly. 'After leaving me hanging, she had the gall to send me another message the next day. Girl, make up your mind!'

Gwen could had been another Alice. She replied to my message, but not really continuing the conversation. I uninstalled the app today. She won't miss me in there. It'll be like that other girl with a boyfriend. Maybe I'll reinstall them later in the year. Maybe, I shouldn't. 

This will be a long weekend. Monday is a day off. "Oh, yeah, it's labour day."

Today I didn't do anything productive either. The jobs either failed or died out in the early morning. I resubmitted them, but by noon, none of them had restarted. When I checked later, at least the progress is there.

I bought tickets for the movies. Ticket. Singular. I'll go alone. Social distance. "The seats surrounding yours will be blocked" or something like that. After I uninstalled the application I started having a very mild but significant anxiety attack. I wanted to go to the depanneur or the SAQ to buy more alcohol. It's going to be a long weekend. I showered in any case. 

When I returned, I bought the ticket instead. I'll go on my own and get distracted. The movie start at 8pm. It will be the first time that I'll use the vaccine passport. I went to the movies in DC with, what was her name again? Nina? No, Nina was the german girl that was with that brazilian guy. She was from Taiwan. No, Hao-Ting is from Taiwan. After her last message telling me she had decided for the downtown flat, I never heard from her. Last night, as I was tossing and turning after failling to fall asleep post-orgasm, I started thinking about the girls and their dates. When did things go wrong? How many of them is it possible to hear from again? Why would I want to, anyway? 

Monica is supposed to come next month. 'Perhaps I can ask her to take pictures of my and to help me make a new profile'. Why do I want to keep on dating? I hated every moment of it. Even if some girl somehow asked me to her place, I would be a disaster. Even if somehow I tell her about me being trans —like with Minas—, there wouldn't be any difference. 

I am not ready. I am not lovable. It's not worth. I am not worth it. 

"When I asked my physician for the referral it was because I'd been feeling not so great recently. We discarded any possible physical causes so I thought it was the pandemic and stuff. After I actually made the appointment, though, I think I have started with an episode of depression. I haven't done any self-harm —I mean, not recently—, but I have noticed a pattern of unhealthy coping mechanisms; maybe even self-destructive. I've been binge drinking a lot. I also went on a lot of dates, at least for me. Like three, four girls a week. It just made me feel more alone." 

The bottle of rum is empty. 

Yesterday I saw the Bo Burnham movie Eight grade. I remember somewhere stating that it was a perfect portrayal of the life of a tennage girl —I think I wrote this exact sentence yesterday. 

Just now I thought about sending a text to Alice. Has she seen it? Was she moved by it? Monica would be against that idea. I would, too, after sending it. Fortunately, I deleted her contact number. 

My glass is half-empty. I am starting to get drunk. I'll grab my book and head to the park, maybe I can read a little before heading to the theater. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-04
Words:   1271
Minutes: 24

"Hoy me puse a caminar, como si buscara algo. Entre toda la multitud, me puse a ver sus rostros, sus ojos. No sé qué era eso que buscaba, pero no lo encontré."

"I feel lost." 

I'm home. I usually am, but this time I also wasn't. I could not get up early. I did not shower. I went out anyway. I put on some jeans, I shaved and brushed my teeth. I had the idea of going to the park again today. There was no alcohol left at home. Not mine, anyway. When I went to the kitchen I saw Armando with a backpack leaving the front door. Was he going to his lab? I could ask him, but it's not of my business anyway. 

Yesterday it started rainning as soon as I was arriving to Jeanne Mance. For a moment I hesitated about just going back home and waiting for my movie there. I could make a stop in a depanneur and buy a bottle of wine or something. I don't remember what was it that made me change my mind. Was I talking to Monica? Sonny? Maybe a message from one of them. 

I stayed under the shadow of a tree wondering, waiting for something to happen. A lot of people were moving from their places preparing to leave. Others stayed, as if the rain wasn't happening. I could be like them. I walked a bit more and sat under a tree. 

"Te puedo confesar algo a __lil bit pathetic__ sin que me juzgues?

"Estoy en el parque, bajo el sol, leyendo. De la nada me cruza por la mente que va a pasar la francesa en su bicicleta y, no sé, no sé cómo me siento con eso. O sea, sí me doy cuenta que ni siquiera cuenta como __ghosting__, fue una __date__, tres días de texting, pero, no lo sé." 

Monica was a bit more understanding than usual. No, not understanding. She was compassionate. She told me about recently how she took notice of a tall guy in the US. She regretted not approaching him. She would tell herself that it was because he was with his sister at the moment. But she knows that even if the sister wasn't there, she would probably had not done anything anyway. 

I felt a sudden urge to pee. I remembered that night after the beers with Said. I peed myself on my way home. I told the story to Sonny. "I could had gone and peed like a drunk man on the street. But I didn't." 

I felt drunk on my way to the movies. By the start of it, I was feeling better. Not better, just not drunk. I might go to the movies more often. On my way back I stopped at the dog park. To whom did I tell about that park? I think it was the girl with the boyfriend. 

This morning, I took a backpack and my book. Maybe I should had brought a blanket with me. While I was choosing a tree I saw Armando, sitting on bench with a guy and a girl. They were having a picnic. Where was I going when I saw him and sent him a message? I took a detour to downtown before my destination. In my message I told him I was busy, but I don't remember what was it that I was going to do. I think it was the meeting with Hao-Ting. Oh, that probably was the charge from 'second cup' that I saw in my bank statement.

I sat under a tree, but I wasn't comfortable. I stayed there maybe for 20 minutes at most, before I decided to move. I looked at everyone. There were a lot of girls that I found attractive.

I keep deleting sentences. I am starting to get drunk. 

I took a walk around the park before I found a good place to sit. Another tree. There were a lot of picnics in the area. I kept looking at the people, as if I were searching something, someone. After reading several chapters, I put the book down and just laid back and watched the tree above me. For a moment I was brought back to that bench in high school. Every morning, when my dad would leave me at the entrance, I would hope to watch Monica enter. This was the back entrance. How was it that it changed? Was it the next semester, when I would leave my things in the classroom and then go sit at this bench, where I knew she would eventually past by. I was a creep even back then. 

The plan was to, from Jeanne Mance, make a stop a the latin supermarché and then at the licquor shop. I was at the intersection, waiting for the light, when two girls were running from the other direction. I thought about just keep walking. Flore lived arount Little Italy. I could walk by there. And then the light changed, and I changed direction, too. 

I was halway there, when I realized how stupid my actions were. Consciously, I knew I wasn't going to see her. But, even if somehow I met her at some street, what would happen? Best case scenario, she would not see me, or at least recognize me under the mask. But, if she did, it would seem as if I were literally stalking her. Was I?

Just as I got to Little Italy I made a turn. There were some signs in italian and a cute little park. I thought about sitting and continue reading, but the walk was starting to take a toll on my legs. I just kept coming back, listening to the music and looking at people's eyes. 

In some streets I would catch a glance of myself in the reflection. I didn't recognize myself. I didn't like it. I lost count of how many girls I liked. I, on purpose, put on my mask so half of my face would be hidden. Even if it were uncovered, even if I looked better, there's no reason to think that any of them would be interested in me. 

"You're cute", told me Minas over drinks at Le majestique. No, it was Le Darling. 

I got in to El Sabor Latino. There was a family going out, so I kept holding the door open for them to exit. When the kids noticed, they grabbed it and thanked me in french. "La señora estaba sosteniendo la puerta y no nos dimos cuenta". I don't remember the last time I was referred to as "señora". It sucks, but not as much as "joven". 

I got to the SAQ. I bought a bottle of Kraken. I noticed it was 7 dollars more expensive than the Bacardi, but this time I realized it had 10% more alcohol in it. Going out, there was this guy that asked me if he could give me his card and I could buy a rhum for him. I said no. 

It is my turn to clean the apartment. I could do it tonight, but probably won't. Maybe tomorrow. I could do a couple loads of laundry, too. I should check the jobs again. I saw some more emails from compute canada when I got home a couple of hours ago. Last night, I had an email from Manuel. He wanted to put me in contact with some guy who's doing TMS. Instead of responding, I just marked his mail 'unread'. Maybe tomorrow. No, Monday. 

Tonight, I'll just get more drunk and let myself feel a little. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-05
Words:   851
Minutes: 23

Ariel. The name of the girl in DC with which I went to the movies was Ariel. Like the little mermaid.

She wasn't gay, was she? Holy shit. No, of course not. There are such things as friends.

I was really drunk last night. Two thirds or maybe even half of the bottle was done the same day that I bought it. I got up around 4 am and drank two glasses of water. I didn't get up again from the bed until well after noon. Armando was off again. Alda, maybe?

I feel alone. I want to open up the apps again, as if I'll find whatever it is that I'm looking for in there. I don't get it, I tried dating, I went on several of them. None of those made me feel better. I was nervous, I was unsure and awkward. Why do I want to keep putting myself through that?

I had alcohol, but still I felt the need to go out and buy more. It was rainning. I put on my coat and left, even though the oven was on. I bought four cans of cidre and a bottle of ginger ale. I made myself some BLT sandwiches and roasted potatoes. 

Sonny sent me a message, that she was scared. Then she did what everyone loves to do. Tell me that she couldn't say what was going on. It had to be a phone call. I called her but she couldn't answer. I felt irritated and maybe even a bit angry. I had already started drinking. 

The call went through and I answered. She was feeling 'disassociated'. I remember my own episodes of depersonalization. I tried to tell her to do some grounding exercises, but they came up wrong. She was in a car, with her family. They didn't seem to know what was going one. They were not probably there with her at the moment. What she described seemed more like disinhibition. She had not been drinking nor smoked, so I don't know what's going on. She then mentioned that she didn't take her fluoxetine today. Maybe yesterday's too. 

Just earlier today I commented on someone's post on Facebook. She was having dizzyness and blood pressure symptoms after stopping her sertraline treatment for 10 months. I might have come overly aggresive in my comment asking her if she had stopped cold-turkey, as those sounded very similar to the symptoms of withdrawal. I had googled that sertraline has a very short-life so it's one of the worst offenders of those symptoms. She replied to my comment. I don't know how she felt with it. When I rearead my own reply, it looked to me as something a guy on the internet would write. I felt overly disgusted with myself. As if I wasn't feeling bad already. 

Last night I replied back to Manuel's e-mail. I posted the story on Instagram. I received some messages from different people. Melissa, Xhail, Anahi, Mafer. The first one was from Francisco. He told me not to be sad, and instead of pretending everything was alright, I continued the conversation with him.

This morning I checked that picture and it had more than a hundred views. One of them was from Molly. I checked her latest story, I guess she's in Paris, after all. Yesterday I muted her. I thought about reverting it back, but didn't. 

Two days and I'll have my appointment with Calli. I've been drinking more than ever. What do I expect will happen? What is it that I'm waiting for? I remember back to last month, that week after I asked Molly out. I could not wait for the week to end and meet her. It's something similar now to this appointment. It's as if a one hour —maybe even less?— is going to make any difference. Suddenly I'll feel better and all of my problems will be solved. I did start to feel worse after I made the appointment two weeks ago. 

Did I started feeling depressed after august? How funny would it be that starting —trying to, at least— going out with people was what made me feel this depressed.

Last night I was sitting on the couch, chatting with Armando on WhatsApp when Alda came in with Brioche. She left him on my lap while she went to her restroom. I told Armando, as we were just talking about Alda not spending the night. I told him that he was not the brioche I was waiting for. 

And then I confessed that I have been over-feeling what happened with Flore. I don't know what was different with her —as I had told Monica. He said that 'un clavo no saca a otro clavo', and he had told me that staying on the apps would not help me at all. 

I showed him that, this time for real, I had deleted them. 

And yet again, I have lost count of how many times, just today, I have thought about reinstalling and use them again. Maybe I'll find someone with whom I can fell alone together.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-06
Words:   785
Minutes: 19

Was it last night or this morning that I reinstalled Hinge? It must have been yesterday. I opened the app and saw numbers in the bottom banner. No, that can't be true, as when I reinstalled it, the app had deleted all of my matches. The two of them. There were two people in my 'likes'. They weren't my type. I browsed a couple of people and then just closed it.

This morning I opened it again. Now Gwen and the other lady were there. Nothing new had happened since I deleted it. I erased the match with the other lady and, a couple of minutes of browsing later, just uninstalled again the whole thing.

Perhaps I do need another couple of months on my own before trying dating again. But, really on my own.

For a moment I thought about going to the lab tomorrow, but I'll have the appointment with the psychologist in the morning. I should set up an alarm in case I forget about it. It would be ironic, how I've been obsessing about this session for the past couple of weeks only to sleep through it.

It's supposed to be in the morning, around 10 am. Maybe I could make a stop at the lab after it. Just take a walk, get some air and distract myself. Time goes faster when I am not home.

I was supposed to clean the apartment today. I sent a message to the group chat yesterday that I'd clean at night or, more probably, today. I did not.

I did do some laundry. I washed my dishes and cooked my meal. I showered and cleaned myself a little. Does it help? I hadn't showered in the last couple of days. I started to feel gross. It does take a toll on my mood. I sent a message to Sonny, how I hadn't started drinking until 5pm. The Rhum bottle is empty. I bought when I wandered around in Little Italy. It feels so long ago and just around the corner. I still haven't finished my drink. There are two cans of cidre in the fridge.

I've been eating way more than normal. I was sitting on the edge of the bed and I glanced at my thighs. They looked huge and monstrous. When I took the trash I looked at my own reflection in the lift. I'm not fat, but still I don't like what I saw. I don't feel comfortable with who I am. At least not right now.

Sonny just sent me an audio about her meeting with Chong. They've upped her dosage. She hasn't been feeling well. I was a bitch towards her last night. She called me for help and I got irritated and annoyed. What a piece of shit can I be sometimes.

I washed my sheets. Maybe I should had shaved my legs. That way I'd have something to look up to later at night. People hype the sensation of freshly shaved legs under clean sheets. Right now I just want to lie down. My back is starting to hurt. It's probably because of how much I've been sleeping. This morning I woke up around 8 am. I consciously decided to go back to sleep. I was dreaming something. I don't remember what it was about, but I prefered going back to that reality instead of my own. I remember how I was a man in that one. Still, it was better there somehow.

Anything is better than how I am feeling. 

God, I can only imagine how it would look in the future when I will come back to these logs and read this pathetic shit. Since I restarted this journal I've done nothing but write about how sad I am, how lonely I am. When I'm happy is because of the excitement of some stupid date, or this girl that I met and how, I just know, she is going to be different.

This is supposed to unedited writing. Just 750 words written, something similar to free association. But I've kept coming back and deleting past sentences. When I want to write Flore's name; when I feel the urge to mention Molly. Whenever I try to remember the name of those other girls.

"Un clavo no saca otro clavo." 

"Wey, yo ni te topo." 

I have Molly muted on Instagram. I saw today that she's posted another story. This time I didn't see it. I should unfollow her, but that would only show how *not* over that whole fiasco I really am.

She probably never followed up, because, as Monica said, I came up too strong.
Well, no shit, I ain't proving nobody wrong just now.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-07
Words:   759
Minutes: 19

I promised I would do my best to make notice of my efforts and not being too hard on myself. I would go to the lab, even if just for a bit. I would try my hardest to do some work. Any progress would be good enough. I am tryine long. 

I put the last frozen burrito in my backpack and the book; maybe I could go to the park after the day, sit in the grass and relax a little. I did not. 

I went to the lab. I sat and tried to work. There was Reza in there working on his laptop. Louis had mentioned he wanted to go. That shouldn't had made such a difference. It wasn't like in the hospital in Mexico when I sat on Said's desk and he would send me a message that he moved my things. His backpack was on my chair but he moved it as soon as I got in.

I kept my earphones in and logged what I was trying to do in my bullet journal. The past week went unlogged. Last night —or was it the night before?— I ordered from amazon a set of towels because mine was very smelly. I bought the bathing suit for trying to use the swimming pool. There were a couple of people's names in the list for the next couple of days. I might try to go. At least use it once. See what it is. Alda really seems to like it.

"Well, my mum knows about what I've been going through. I also told a couple of my friends. I think my roommates have noticed, as well. They made some comments like 'are you alright?', but I haven't really gotten to the details with them." 

After barely two hours, I couldn't focus. I tried working on the documentation, but without the images saved in my pc I felt lost. I resubmitted the jubs to niagara, but they still weren't running. I browsed the SNIPE code, but it was in perl. I managed to connect my laptop to the mcgill wifi. I put down my things and decided to leave. I thought about buying the camera. I keep thinking about this place that I photographed a couple of days ago and posted as a story. Maybe I should try getting some hobbies. I liked wandering around the city. Maybe with a camera I could try looking to places to capture, have the perfect excuse to walk around and get tired, distracted.

I walked to downtown to the Best Buy to see if they had it in stock. I know I could order it online, but there's only the black one. In Amazon they also have the white one, and it's even 20 dollars cheaper. In the end I decided against buying it there. I could instead order a refurbished one for 150 dollars cheaper. I bought a big bottle of rhum instead.

Cider. The correct way to spell it is cider. There is still a can in the fridge. I don't think I'll drink it tonight. I've had a couple of drinks from the rhum. "I see you bought a big bottle of Kraken." 

I won't be doing anything productive today. I had the appointment with the psychologist. I told her my story, opened up and managed to hold back the tears three times in the hour-and-a-half session. I even told her how I am scared that three years ago, after getting drunk, I started cutting myself.

I'll see her again in two weeks. I promised I would do my best to go to the lab and forgive myself for not being well. I broke down crying on my walk home. It was less than a minute, but it happened.

The bathing suit is supposed to arrive tomorrow. It will probably be like the running belt that I bought and used only twice. Maybe I should try to get up and run instead. The second time I walked more than I jogged. I didn't even finish the whole 5k track. I am such a failure.

At least in two weeks I'll see her in person. 

Yesterday Monica asked me to check the flights for the second week of October. Will it really happen? She didn't tell me that she'd buy them. 

Will I go to Mexico? What if they don't open the border with the US? The flight to Mexico is almost twice the cost. There's still several months until then. 

There's still time. A lot of nights until then. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-09
Words:   1017
Minutes: 30

And, of course, yesterday I forgot about the words. Exactly when I was feeling the shittiest, like a complete failure, precisely the month that I enrolled in the challenge was the time that I forgot and such my name will be recorded in the wall of shame. Of, fucking, course.

I was feeling depressed from the night before. It was the day of my therapy session. I was supposed to be forgiving myself and be aware of my own emotions. I was lying in bed and felt like going away. I started thinking about winter. Inside of my chest there was this uncontrollable urge to go back home. Still, maybe going to Mexico wasn't the best idea. I thought about the nights in the balcony in Salamanca. Those were the first times that I felt my body slipping away when I closed my eyes. What was the fantasy I had sitting next to Alda? My body was trying to slipped through time. It was the sensation of connection to another dimension, a different place in the timeline, my timeline.

I walked around the city. I felt the alcohol starting to embrace me. It was like a coat, no, like the warm blanket you put over a sick child. Or the one the EMT put over you after a trauma.

I don't remember much of what I did. I just wandered around like that time in Little Italy, except this time I wasn't looking for anything, but trying to get away. The second time I left my room, I didn't go that far. This time I just sat on that same spot I shared in Instagram. I just sat there and cried. I was wearing my pajama shorts and a t-shirt without a bra.

I browsed instagram and because of some reason I looked at Flore's name. Again there was a red circle around her name. This time I didn't have any self-control left. It was a picture of her on her bike with some piece of furniture tied to her seat. The text said something about little dick energy. Was the picture of her? At the moment I just thought that she'd look at my name in the list of viewers and would think that I've been obsessed with her or looking her up. Then I realized how that wasn't that far of the truth and I felt even worse.

I sent several texts to Monica. They started with this incident but grew into how I had never felt so alone and broken. Not much later, I deleted them. She didn't mention them the next day.

I had a real hangover this time. The sickness, the sensation that I am a piece of shit, going to the restroom like four separate times, everything. I couldn't get myself to do much work. Even though Louis said nothing in our meeting, this time I felt it in his voice when he asked for updates on the documentation and I couldn't give him anything.

"I haven't asked you, do you feel more productive dealing with several stuff at the same time or are you one of those people who deal better when working on only one thing?"

I got an e-mail from Google Docs about a presentation that Eduardo shared with me. That made me look up his lab in Slack. There was this old message asking for an update, it was from two weeks ago. I got this strange sensation, like from early this year when he would ask me for updates and I would make something up, after I had only been sitting on the couch doing nothing for the whole day.

That actually got me working on that data. I had this crazy idea that I could actually come up with something to tell him. Instead I went to bed around 1am. I woke up early, around 7 am, with the sudden realization that I had forgotten something important. I didn't get up until around noon.

Yesterday I signed up for the pool. 13:30. I got an e-mail around 11am from Louis asking if we could move our meeting, either to 15 minutes later or in the afernoon. Hao-Ting asked me if I could help her move some boxes from Fedex.

I swam for a bit. I didn't shower beforehand and felt guilty. I didn't use the complete half-hour.  I went to try the sauna, but it didn't really work. I came back instead.

Best Buy cancelled my camera order. It wasn't best buy, though, probably the seller. I hope. It would really suck if I somehow still got charged by PayPal.

In the morning, Eduardo did send a message back. I gift that he was reading, and then later another one about how he would reply back later and a casual laugh. It's almost 10pm, and I don't think he answered. I mean, I did say was depressed and dealing with imposter syndrome and that I was failure.

I was leaving from my meeting to meet Hao-Ting, when Alda came. She told me she wanted to drink and eat something because it's the eve to her birthday. Right now the idea popped up in my head, 'will she invite Molly?'

That is so pathetic of me.

The walk to meet Hao was nice. She asked me if I had plans for dinner and then offered to cook something for me. She made dumplings and I thought about Armando. He doesn't boil them in water, though. He steams his. She showed me this trick about drinking the dumpling water after.

"I will tell people, 'Oh I had Sofia over and I made her some dumplings and she loved the water!'"

When I took the lift home, at the fourth floor a group of girls got in with their dogs. They apologized, but I told them to come in, anyway. "Move, so she can go out", one told to another. 

It's been more than 5 years since I've been myself, and sometimes it still catches me off-guard when people gender me correctly.

What does that say about me?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-11
Words:   796
Minutes: 67

I'm already in the wall of shame, so what does another missed day matter?

"Were you out on a date yesterday? When I saw you, you looked dressed up. Oh, so it was for yourself."

Today is Alda's birthday. She had asked me if I wanted to do something for her birthday's eve. The plan was to pre-drink some shots and then we could decide if order something and stay in the house or look-up somewhere to go. I secretly wanted the second option. I wanted to put on some cute outfit and maybe even wear make up again. Just an excuse to feel pretty.

She sent me some google maps entries for live-jazz clubs that we could go to. I thought I could wear the skirt. I tried it on but I felt bloated. There was a lot of fat above my waist. went for my usual black jeans instead. I got my camera, but decided to wait for the UV filter and screen protector before using it. Those came in this morning. Well, not morning, but before I got out of bed. When I tried the app and the tripod I looked at myself in the pictures, as the world sees me. I felt disgusted. I looked way more thick and chubby than I imagined. I didn't take any pictures inside and actualy consider to not eat in the whole day.

Last night, after going out but before arriving to the place, we saw there was some kind of show in a church near the bar. We went to take a look. It was some kind of circus performances. The first one was this woman on some sort of seat(?) hanging from ropes. The second was similar, but way more beautiful. The music, the movement and lights, I was moved by it. Entranced.

The third was this guy with a big ring, some sort of like a hula-hoop. I was distracted and didn't watch much of it. Alda told me that her phone had 2% of battery, so she would send me her QR code. It died before she could. When we went to the jazz place, the band was barely starting to play. The host came to us and shook his head as if telling us No. He told Alda that it was full. We could go to the terrace, maybe. He then asked for vaccination proofs. So we had to leave. She joke that she was so embarrased, as she surely looked like an antivaxer to him.

We went to this burger place and order for pick-up. We made a stop at the Couche-tard? A depanneur for some drinks before coming home. We watched the debate and then smoked a bit before Armando arrived. Again, he was busy. 

I slept. I slept way more than I should. I got up around 2pm. Somewhere someone said or written that the hours around noon are the worst to take pictures, so I didn't consider going out on the walk as I had thought. Maybe I could go later, work a little first. I put on yesterday's clothes and looked at myself and noted I was still way too bloated. 

Neither did I go out, nor did I work. I did cook some food. Way more than a normal meal.

I tested the camera on the balcony. I took a picture of Stewart, Alda's ashtray. They came out pretty good, if I say so myself. Although, I posted one on Instagram, and it went without much attention. I had noticed that before. When I first opened up my account and posted some 'artsy' pictures, nobody really liked them. 

Selfies, or just pictures with myself in them get more attention. I don't really understand why. Maybe the pity? Not pity, but the social pressure to like it.

Or perhaps it's just that my pictures are shit.

My arms feel tired still. I will try to go out tomorrow. Even if all of my picture spots look like shit, the walk will be good for my mental, and physical, health. I drank again today. I feel a little tipsy right now. Not really drunk, but still. I would not drive. 

The bottle of Kraken is almost empty. Will I buy another one? 

There was something happening next 14th. I don't remember what. The week after, the 21th, is when I'll see the psychologist again. 

I remember her face of concern as I talked about my sadness. Was it fake? I mean, I went through that treatment, I've been on her chair, did I fake? Kind of. 

I still want to talk to her. Tell her I tried. I did my best as she said. I tried to be forgiving and appreaciate my best efforts. I still failed. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-12
Words:   791
Minutes: 28

Years go, after one of the first parties that I went to after returning, broken, from Spain, Jessica, Catherine and me were on Eusebio's car. Where had we gone to? I was way too drunk. Maybe it was a different night. The night I remember we had gone to Omar's house. We had drunk a bottle of rhum and lots of beer. This was in Playas de Tijuana. Why were we on Eusebio's car? 

I couldn't stop talking. Jessica and Catherine told me over and over to shut up, but I didn't. What did I have to say that it was so important? Now I struggle to complete 3 pages. Maybe we were on the car to leave Jessica and Catherine, the girls, at Jessica's house. I slept with Eusebio. Had I come out to them? Probably not. I hadn't even come out to myself then. It doesn't matter.

Eusebio slept shirtless.  Never in my life have I slept shirtless. That is until last night. I went to bed in panties and my hoodie. I read how the best times for street photography was when the sun rises and sets. I thought about getting up very early in the morning. I could buy a coffee in Vieux Montreal. Around midnight I started hearing voices from outside. Someone was having a party. There were lots of people screaming and laughing. I struggled to tell if they were talking english or french. I know, they spoke spanish for a while.

I took of my hoodie and slept only in my underwear. Because of that I hesitated going to my window to look who was having a party. I didn't sleep too well. I didn't get up until noon. I didn't know if I still wanted to go out. I feel bloated still. I looked at myself in the mirror after showering and putting on my clothes. I have gained a lot of weight. What's the point in trying to take a portrait of me, if I look hideous in all the photos?

Most of the videos and blogs about street photography mentioned how it was so difficult to take pictures of people without them noticing. I didn't think much of it until I actually started seeing them. I remember how I felt even uncomfortable taking picture of myself. Now, pointing my camera to other people was even worse. 

I walked for more than 10 kilometers, all of the afternoon and still I only took a handful of __decent__ pictures. They're not even worth editing for now.

After the night with Alda this Friday, I thought I should not be spending any more money. I still made a stop at Best Buy and bought an SD adapter. I share my disney+ account with her. I am the only one using it, anyway. I sent her the password and username yesterday, but she was busy. It was her birthday after all. 9/11. She saw it today. Thanked me and then transferred me half of the money of the burgers.

I dreamt about her. The dream was weird. I don't remember much of the story, but it got sexual. Not really explicit. I don't think we did anything. But, still. I don't know how to explain it. We talked about it (?) Was there some tension? I don't remember anymore. The only thing I remember is that when I woke up I thought about that time when living in Spain, Consuela came to my room to tell me something. She was so nervous about it and I stupidly though she might wanted to confess something. She asked me to please do my part of the chores. I wanted to die from the embarrasment. Similiarly to when I received that message from Armando the other day. 

Just because her profile appeared to me twice in Tinder, it doesn't mean she swiped right.
That's a stupid thought. She lives with me. She surely has figured out I am trans. And more importantly, she's not my type.

Was today a failure? I thought I would have gotten so many good pictures by the end, and yet most of them look subpar. The composition is off, the exposure is not right all the time. Some are even at very weird angles. There are no subjects in them. They are boring. Not even mediocre. 

They are just like me.

Was that money spent in vain? Almost a thousand dollars all for nothing.

I still need to take pictures of me. That was the reason I bought it, so I could take pictures from myself without them looking like selfies. But, I am fat now. I look ugly and disgusting. Why would I want to record how I look, especially right now?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-13
Words:   603
Minutes: 0

I have less than 15 minutes to finish the words. I just went to the restroom and realized that I haven't done them. This would be the third time in this month that I'd miss them. I have to go back every other word to fix typos. I guess I am pretty drunk. 

When did Eduardo replied to me? It was today. Yeah. It was today. He apologized for getting back late to me and then replied every point one by one. I saw the notifications of every message but ignored them. I couldn't look at them, at least not when they arrived. 

10 minutes. 1/7 of them.

Why was I so busy that I forgot? I was editing the pictures. I really thought that most of them were crap. Some of them are actually quite good. I could crop them, and adjust the lights. Right now that I am writing this, I worry that they are like those I had when I was in high school that I thought I was actually good at this. They were over-saturated shit. I remember some shots of some leaves that were so over-edited that the green looked yellow. I was actually proud of those.

I remember when I went to Ensenada. No, it wasn't that time. I was thinking first about the picture of the Alhameda. One picture taken from too far away. In spanish they say "unedited", does that really mean without post-production? Or does it refer to the images being never published or submitted to any contests?

Catherine posted a picture about the fires in Valparaiso. Honestly, even then I remember thinking that hers was so much better than mines. Hers was more powerful. There was something raw in them. She was sure gonna win. None of us did, though. I don't think I knew who won. Probably someone who submitted something about accomplishing their goals or something cheesy like that. I think the first place of other years was literally a person at the top of a mountain with their arms up.

The time we went to Ensenada was before going for our semesters abroad, so it wasn't that. That time was when we met Abril. It was this friend of my cousing Xennia. She had her friend with her whom she met at Spain, in Santiago de Compostela? No, she went to A Coruña. 

Less than 5 minutes and I'm barely halfway. I am not gonna make it.

Catherine called me Abril for a few months after that. She apologized because when she was meaning to refer to me, the name of Abril came to her mind. At first we laughed about it. Then, when my own identity and gender issues started to resurface she confessed that she didn't see me as a man nor a woman at that point. Maybe that was the reason the name of Abril kept coming to her head. 

Less than 3 minutes.

It was probably bullshit. She always fancied me, even when I looked like a dude. It's probably the cynic in me, but after we broke up, I always thought that she was just ... 

I can't complete that thought. In less than two minutes the time is going to run out. There's no point. 

My fingers are numb. I sent an email to Eduardo and Sarael asking to schedule a meeting. I said that preferably it would not be tomorrow. Only Eduardo replied back. Hopefully is later this week because I haven't even started the slides. 

Less than a minutes. I am not gonna finish. Will this lock up and kick me out?



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-14
Words:   798
Minutes: 23

I am getting drunk again. Am I a failure?

I edited around 30 pictures last night. I thought I would have only a handful of good ones. I couldn't sleep very well. Maybe around 3 or 4 am. I got up around 9 am. I received a message from Cassandra, she was asking if there was an issue with my app. After the generator reboot, she had issues connecting to phebe and now she couldn't get into the app. It made sense, that after rebooting docker would have restarted as well, so the services would be down. It was a 3 minutes fix. It would take me longer to turn on the PC and ssh to the BIC server than to restart it. I got up and got to it. 

The same issue happened like the one months ago. I sent an email to Ivan, the sysadmin, and he fixed it pretty quickly. I brewed my coffee and just stayed up. Did I work? I think I did. I did not make any progress into the slides for the networks project. Sarael hasn't replied. Tomorrow morning I'll send a message to Eduardo. Hopefully he won't send a message asking if we're free in the next hours. I want to go to bed right now. 

I posted a picture on Instagram. Actually I posted three in the early morning, but deleted them shortly afterwards. Later in the day I posted the colorful building. 25 people have liked it. Way more than I thought. Yet, I feel shit about it. I don't know why but I put Molly's name in the search box, like a month ago after that party. There was a colorful circle around her picture, but this time I didn't open it. She posted some pictures of Paris. I thought about Viviana. She's in France, too, I guess. She's pretty, why was I never interested in her? Was it because of Said? Maybe it's because she's straight —like being a lesbian makes that much of a difference, right? 

I am watching the new series 'Y the Last Man'. I remember reading the comics. Right now, I'm feeling pretty dysphoric about it. If I were in that world, I'd have died with the men. The rest of them. The other men. 

I'll finish the bottle tonight. I really hope Sarael doesn't reply tomorrow. I guess I could ignore the e-mail in case he did.

Alda sent me a message inviting me to go to a Jazz Fest this Thursday. I said yes. Of course I did. I need to go out. I want it to be Saturday so I can go out and take more pictures. I don't care if they're still shit. They probably will.

I muted Paty profile, too. I probably said something stupid. Maybe the message about nude pictures in Whasapp, she has a girlfriend after all. I was out of line, yet again, so was she before that. Who gives a shit? 

I looked at the pictures I took of me from Saturday. I do look bloated and fat. Am I still like that? 
Yeah. I was thinking about opening the apps again. Even now, almost-drunk, I can tell it would be a disastrous idea. I just want someone. Any human connection.

Next week I'll see the psychologist again. Later that day, there's the phd group. Calli mentioned that even if I sign-up, I am not obligated to go. Chatting with Monica, I told her about my rock-bottom night. I wanted to tell her that it was the night when I sent her and deleted those messages, but held it in. I lied and said that I've been feeling better. No, I did feel better for a bit. Not today, at least.

It was apple's event. The new iphones were announced. I thought that I don't need them, nor the new macbook. Especially now that I've fixed this laptop. Yet, I applied for a credit for buying the phone. 

When I came out to my mom, as I told Minas in our date, she was sad and cried, but more than disappointed, she felt bad that she couldn't had been there for me while I was in pain. I hate talking about those times. Maybe that's why I felt so awkward with Alice, she wanted to hear my life story, and I drink so I can get away from it myself. The example my mom brought back that night, was how I would be so excited for new toys or stuff in Christmas. Yet, just as the stuff came, she would notice how my smile would fade away almost instantly, as if I realized that they didn't make any difference. 

I keep spending money on frivolous shit, and I'm still drinking myself to sleep.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-18
Words:   1515
Minutes: 19

It's been several days that I've missed. Do I really want to keep doing this? I should. I signed up for another month challenge. I remember years ago, when I looked into that November challenge about writing a novel. Was it the the National November... no, I don't know.

It doesn't matter. 

I looked at myself in different mirrors today and didn't feel as bloated, fat and disgusting as in past days. I think it was the night that I was going to go out with Alda, I thought about wearing a skirt and, when I finally did, I realized that it didn't really fit as it used to. Even jeans looked weird. The bigger ones that are in a larger size. 

I think it was yesterday —maybe the day before— that I went to google photos and I started to delete the bloat. There were a lot of memes and screenshots of conversations. When I was 15 I used to literally transcribe the msn messenger chat logs of what I used to talk with Monica. Now that I remember it, it seems ridiculous, maybe even a bit pathetic. But, then, I also remember how I wrote the script for the short that Omar presented to the High School competition. He liked my work because of the dialogue. Maybe it was just practice. A case study. 

After finishing the 1l bottle of rhum, I told myself that I would not buy more alcohol. I am writing this drunk. I drank two cans of cider, and am drinking a glass of vodka with ginger ale. 

Today wasn't a lost day. I didn't go out to take pictures, but I cooked some meals for the lab. I should go next week. At least to change the scenery. I have the appointment in person with Calli this Tuesday. It's at 9am in the morning. I am a little anxious that I won't make it.

I bought a phone. I don't need it. Not really. It's like I am looking for some excitement in consumerism. When I bought the camera, I was sure that it was the last thing that I needed. After it arrived I would be able to take better pictures and maybe remake the profiles in those damned datin apps —as if having better pictures would make a fucking differance. Months before, I thought the same thing about the noise cancelling headphones, and the monitor. 

I mean, I am using both of those right now. Even the PC. 

A couple of days ago, Alda invited me to go to this Jazz fest event. It was Thursday. I picked up my hormones from the pharmacy after my meeting with Louis. Coming home I cooked some noodles for myself, but realized halfway that there wasn't enough time. I shared some with Alda. She really liked them, so I would send her the link to the youtube video explaining how to cook them. I left the kitchen a mess. Not really, just the sheet pan where I roasted the broccolis over the stove and the wok with the food on top. I didn't wipe the counters nor the stove. Armando moved everything to the corner, uptop the dishwasher. We both thought he was pissed. As we left the burgers we had just bought on the table and starting putting things off. 

The festivale wasn't anything special. Before leaving for the pharmacy, Alda sent me a message telling me that we would meet there with Vix and Karina —or is it Korina?— and her friend.

I thought about Molly, and felt stupid because of it. 'What did she have to do with anything?' 

After the show, we moved to a bar. This guy, out of nowhere just came and sat with us at the corner of the table. I looked at him as if he were just a stranger. To my right, Karina and her friend, Pablo, looked at him the same way. Aiden? I think that was his name. Apparently he's this friend of Molly who's staying with her. Somehow the conversation about tattoos came up and he mentioned how the one on his ribs hurt the most. He and some friends have the same one. A pint of beer.

When Alda and I were walking home from the A&W with our burgers, I confessed to her how, even though there's no real reason behind it, I started to zoomed out when Molly came up. He invited us to do something this Saturday, and I would, of course, not be going.

Vix was planning this BBQ tomorrow, Sunday. I am not sure if I want to go. Maybe I should just go out for another round of walking around and taking pictures. This time I could walk up to Jeanne Mance and go for another round to Mile End and Little Italy.

Would it be too weird to send Flore a message asking for that pizzeria she recommended me? Yeah. It totally would be. I have deleted her contact now.

When I was deleting the pictures from Google photos, I browsed throught the ones of Spain. I took some where Helena is there in the background. Those where before I knew her, what would happen. Then there are the ones of our day wandering around in Braga. Then the ones with Consuela. Where was it that we went to the beach? I remember seeing her writing on her notebook with her feet in the water. I took some pictures of her jumping around, looking straight at the camera. Were those with my phone or her camera? I can differentiate her pictures from mine from the aspect ratio. It doesn't really matter, I guess.

I seem to have lost the picture of both of us at the cathedral. Was it really of us?

Am I still myself?

I have her profile in my searches log. I could totally send her a message in Facebook, telling her just that, that was looking at the pictures and remembering those days. How's her life been going? Except I really can't. Or, it is not that easy, at least.

In the introduction, I would have to explain who I am. At least tell her my deadname. Invoke him. Me. The conversation with Zuri came to my head. Twice. The first one was when I was in a relationship with Monica. She did just that. She had found the notebook I wrote to her. I called her 'mi princesa' like a typical teenager boy who has never kissed a girl. I wrote a bunch of cheesy stuff in there. There was this scene that I could mock like those past few sentences, except that it wasn't really funny. I was really hurt. It was her birhtday. I had prepared that notebook for the past few days and wanted to give it to her. She was hitting it up with Marco.
He had a thing for her. I wasn't really competition. Becuase, even though I didn't know it by them, I wasn't another boy.

She looked at me and laughed. Then, she confessed how she was startled, 'why is *** not wearing earrings? Ohh, right, because *** is a boy. He's not a girl'. Haha, so stupid. I didn't know it yet, but that remark wasn't just not funny, it made me incredibly uncomfortable.

I don't remember what I answered her back that time.

The second was way more recent. I might have been already living in Mexico City. 'Excuse me, uh, where do we know each other?' 

Did I add her or was she? I told Monica how I didn't really send any friend requests to anyone who knew me before my transition. That's the reason why I don't have Garab, or Helena. I can't say that they don't have me in there because they don't accept my transition, but... yeah.

I told her, vaguely, in a way that I didn't have to write up my deadname, that I knew her from middle school, but I looked way different and even had a different name. Right. She had suspected it, but wasn't sure.

Lots of people told me just that. I think it was Diana who said that she saw my profile with a picture from me dressed up outside René's office. 'I didn't know if it was you, or just some girl with a similar name. Maybe a cousin or something. I just thought she looked so much like you'

That was the joke that Garab used. 'Did *** change sex?'. He wanted to be funny, and Catherine had to explain to him, that, well, kind of.

Helena is from Estonia. I don't know how the situation is over there. Consuela just told us, how even in Romania, her own parents make faces when there's a parade or something.

It's not worth it. I should not just send random messages to people I am not in contact with.

Just like this afternoon, when I sent the screenshot to Monica, where Instagram suggested me to follow Minas.

"I am not doing that shit again."

"Good!"

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-19
Words:   806
Minutes: 55

I feel the same repulsion to do the words as I do with the rTMS project that is still left undone.

Last Monday I sent an e-mail to both Eduardo and Sarael asking them for a meeting to share the (still unmade) slides of the results. Sarael never answered back. Probably he never saw the mail, but I still worry he might have just ignored it.

I ate way too much in the early afternoon. The big white bowl of Alda filled with rice, vegetables, sausages and two eggs. Armando, again, did his meal-preps filling to the max the freezer. He has been moving my pink towel to the very edge of the rack. Does he really puts his towel in there, or is it a passive-aggresive gesture like moving my stuff from the kitchen? He sent us a message about eating his potatoes. I still haven't seen it. 

Although, there are messages from Monica and Sonny, too, that I left unreplied. I might have not even answered back to the message of my mum asking me how I've been doing.

After eating, I watched a couple of episodes of Breaking bad. After the first one, I moved to my bed. I didn't finish two episodes before shutting the ipad off and just going back to sleep.

I thought I wouldn't eat another meal again until tomorrow. I saw this random video about the effects of over-eating. I am not sure that it is not something that I ocassionally do, like binge drinking. Calli specifically asked me if my eating habits were disturbed with my mood. I guess they do. 

The bottle of vodka is just a little over half. I was pretty drunk last night. I went out to cry, like that last time. Did I cry? I remember sitting in my spot and wondering about going to the Jeanne Mance. I decided against it and came back home. Not much later, Alda sent me a message inviting me to share a joint. We went to dog park, and sat on a bench in front of the children's playground. I got that same familiar sensation of my body drifting away.

The jobs crashed again. Even deleting most of the filenames was not enough. I will need to browse the code in GitHub about that issue.

I should get working with the slides. The idea that maybe splitting the task in smaller, easier achievable goals would make everything more managable, but I'm not sure. I feel overwhelmed and I haven't even started. After I saw that message where Eduardo asked me for an update, I told him I would make the slides in the weekend. This is the second weekend after that, and I haven't started.

I could make a spreadsheet and glossed out the significant results.
Would it be too rushed if I asked Louis about a week —or at least some days— off? I don't know if I could wait until Thursday for our meeting. Maybe a quick e-mail tomorrow, before or after the Neuro meeting, asking for the procedure of just, you know, taking those days off he offered.

I guess I should send another e-mail to them. Maybe a message to Eduardo in Slack. He'll probably send it himself. I fear that he'll ask me to just meet the two of us that afternoon. I should finish the slides in case that happens. Or I could keep ignoring the issues and keep worried and anxious, like I usually do.

I thought about going to the lab tomorrow, but I won't. There's no point. I'll go Tuesday after the meeting with Calli. I also need to send the e-mail to Vlad asking him about his tool that does a similar thing to SNIPE. And another one about the segmentation with deep-learning.

It's 8pm. I feel like if it were midnight. I feel tired, even though I slept all morning and some of the afternoon. I wanna go to bed again. I want to close my eyes and disappear, at least for a while. I want to stop existing. Does this count as thoughts of self-harm? I haven't really considered anything again with the razors. I think about it, sure, but not really consider it.

I probably won't work with the slides, will I?

I sent a message to Monica asking her directly about the flights. She called me 'Sofi' and then said that they're too expensive.

I was at the stairs when I sent a message to Johanna in Facebook. It was as pathetic as it could be. I feel cringe just remembering it. That's what happens after thinking too much about those days and people.

Holiday or not, I should try to be as productive as possible for now. Even if I don't work tonight, I'll set up the tasks for tomorrow.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-20
Words:   769
Minutes: 19

I'll have to get up early tomorrow and shower in the morning to be leaving the apartment before 8:30. Maybe if I get up early enough, I can have my coffee here in the balcony. Maybe if I get up really early, I can take my camera for the golden hour. I won't. 

I sent an e-mail to Louis asking about the time off. He was really encouraging. I had so much luck with him. He's just the PI that I need right now. Or, maybe if he were the usual hard-ass that exploits his students and is on top of them, I wouldn't have the time to be depressed. I worked better at the NIH where I had 9-5 days five days a week. I did end up having a mental breakdown the last day, though. Perhaps that's how things would have really ended; me dropping out, feeling like a total failure. 

Am I not a total failure right now?

I thought I would not drink anymore in the next couple of days, and I am already finishing my drink and considering serving me another one.

I will. I am. 

I did. 

What will I talk about tomorrow? I could talk more about that dating spree I had. Maybe I could start telling how I feel like I am in this different kind of closet. I could start with how I just recently, after living months with them, told Armando and Alda that I was gay. Just hours before I met the first very openly lesbian woman in Montreal. I asked her out awkwardly and nothing came of it. Then, to distract myself from the rejection, I went out with another girl. I thought things were going fine and ended up being ghosted. I kept going out with other girls, with always the same conclusion. No, I could tell how the next girl after Flore was Alice, this pretty trans girl with whom things went so fast that I felt disoriented. I could tell a bit more in depth about how I felt after arriving at her place. How felt uncomfortable and uneasy. It wasn't because she's trans. It was because she's trans **like** me. Maybe Molly and Flore, and all the other girls with whom things would not work out in the following weeks, rejected me because they felt just like I felt at that moment, sitting at that dinner table and listening to her voice and seeing her smile. 

I feel like crying, but I don't know why. I drink because it helps me to numb the emotions. I drink  because it help me to let out the feelings that I have drowned.

I want to stop drinking. I fear the moment that the bottle of vodka that I bought just this weekend is going to run out. Will I buy another one? I shouldn't, but I'm pretty sure that I will.

Am I a functional alcoholic? Am I functioning enough? 

I'll wait until after the session tomorrow to decide if I'll ask for the time off just this week, or if I can wait until the next one. Two weeks ago, I had a breakdown where I drink myself to a stupor and walked around the city, crying in the middle of the night. I feel like going out just now. I probably won't. But I might.

I look at myself in the mirror and every day I feel different. Last night I deleted another 2k photos from google photos. Johanna never replied back to my pathetic message in Facebook. Maybe I should check to see if she deleted me. I would have. 

The tears are coming, but they feel stuck. My eyes just feel watery, and my throat closed, but there's no release after. It's like that feeling of the moment just before you sneeze, but it's stuck.

I am not functioning. This is not working. This journal is not working. Going out to take pictures didn't work. Swimming in the pool didn't work. Running in Mont Royal didn't work. Making an appointment with a counselor didn't work. Spending thousands of dollars in frivolous shit didn't work. Drinking myself to sleep doesn't work. I am not functional, right now I am just an alcoholic.

Danilo stopped following on Twitter. Maybe it's because he doesn't want to follow one of his students? Perhaps it's just that he found out that I am not that important. Probably, it's because of the shit I post. I am not worth to follow. I have nothing important to share.

I have nothing important to say. 

I am not important.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-21
Words:   929
Minutes: 26

I stayed up all night reading these journal entries. I went from... where did I start? It was before I told my mum. Before Catherine told hers. Before graduation. Ours, but after Eusebio and the group's. It doesn't really matter. I went to serve myself a drink, just to calm the nerves. Reading through I made myself another one. As I told Calli today, the first one calms me down and soothes the emotions that I have bottled up. The second one lets them all come out nice and easy. I started crying, listening to music and crying. I don't even remember what was it that I was reading. 

I got to one of Zayra's exercises. I read Melissa's name and felt this urge to share it. I was pretty drunk already. I started translating it into spanish in a google doc. It was around 3 in the morning when I wrote Melissa the message. I mentioned how I got into her name and thought about her. I told a bit about the story of Helena, how I saw her writing in her journal in the sea that time. Even after all these years —like the years that've passed since that Zayra's class— I still wonder if she wrote about me in there. I would like to know. So maybe she'd like to know as well. 

I shared the link and closed the chat window. I kept reading. I realized that if I went to sleep, there would be a pretty significant chance that I wouldn't be able to get up in the morning. I've already spend so much more money than I should this month, a no-show fee would be stupid.

My mum sent me a message. I think it was yesterday. How the work on my grandma's house is on standby. Apparently Edgar and his wife have run out of money. I mentioned how he was pretty shitty with money, then. I said it, the one who've spent so much in such useless shit recently.

When I checked the bank app today, I noticed that I've gone over-balance in the credit card. I posted a payment, but all of the charges went up first instead. I won't spend any more money until the end of the month. It should be easy. I have the 9 burritos in the freezer. 10 eggs. Sausages and a lot chicken thighs. Pasta enough for days and 2 kilos of rice.

I don't want to fill the finances portion this month. I spent more than a thousand dollars on the camera. I spent several hundred on stuff for the house and the bathing suit that I've worn only once. It's like the belt that I bought because I was sure I would start running. That, too, I only did a couple of times. 

Maybe I should try it again. I also never went again to the pool. The lists confused me. The removed the ones for the pool and left only the ones for the gym. But even those have the times scribbled over. It's a mess.

I am a mess.

I should try not to spend too much on shit in October either. I still haven't paid Fall's tuition. Only a thousand dollars. There are still two left. Friday I'll need to pick up the phone. Even for that, I need to buy the charger, an adapter for my headphones, and I wanted the wallet. The wallet is a luxury that I don't really need. The charger, too, is something that I might not need, at least not for now. I guess I could make that argument for the headphones adapter. Fuck it, even for the phone itself.

I showered before the sunrise. I left the apartment after Armando. I felt weird getting into the building. The session was better than on zoom, but still I noticed that I kept to myself some of the stuff that I wanted to talk about. I feel isolated because I feel I am in the closet again. I feel like I can't open myself up to my roommates because I don't want to ruind the fantasy that they don't know I am trans. I feel like I don't belong with Alda's friends, I feel that I was, and will be, rejected in dating because I am trans. Everything comes back to it and I hate it.

She left me some assignments, but I've forgotten about most of them already. 

In the early morning I exchanged some messages with Melissa. She did reply. She's still depressed, just like me. Just like back then.

Around noon, I saw another notification in my phone. Johanna had replied to my message in Facebook. I hid the notification even though I smiled and was excited about it. Isn't this what I wanted? Why am I ignoring her now? 

I can reply to her in the morning. I accidentally opened the chat in the ipad, so the message it's already seen, anyway.

I feel a bit sick. This happened after returning from the building, though. It's not like I lied when they screened me. My stomach hurts a bit and I feel warm. It's probably the lack of sleep. 

I shouldn't even try to work anymore. I'll just lie down and go to sleep. Maybe I can get up early and get to work. I, *still* haven't finished the slides. The day after tomorrow, in the morning, is the meeting with Eduardo. I have to do something to tell Louis in our meeting. Then I can take a week off. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-22
Words:   755
Minutes: 61

I don't feel like doing the words. Even less about doing the slides. I finished with the summary tables, the data, at least. I have not formatted them for the slides. I could actually... 

What was I writing? Oh, right. I could use only those tables as the slides and leave it like that, but that's not correct. These are just the results that I presented months ago. I promised I ran the nodal analysis. That was a lie. I still need to run the code. A little less than an hour ago R wasn't opening. I don't know what would I had done, if I had not resolved it.

I woke up today pretty tired, around noon. I haven't drunk. My mum asked me how the appointment with the dr went. It went fine. It did, right? Yeah, last night I didn't cry nor went out. I wanted to, I almost did, but did not.

Did I drink yesterday? I don't really remember. I don't remember most of last night. I know I slept in the afternoon, around 3 or 4 hours. After that, it's all blurry. I read. That I know.

I was reading that the tracking number on the lenses means that it won't be tracked once it arrives in Canada. That's why the last update was posted a week ago. It could arrive at any moment now. Hopefully, it will come before the weekend.

I replied to Johanna. She has seen the message, but hasn't written back. In the journal, I read how she was one of the first people I told, actually. The last days I read were around the first months of hormones. I read about Anahi, Paola, Catherine, Eusebio and Jessica. I should had broken up with Catherine. Anahi and Paola were good friends since the very beginning. Eusebio was trying, at least. Jessica... why did I keep talking to them? 

I have this memory of us sitting in the second floor of Argana. There is Eusebio, I think? I just know that Jessica is by my side. I was talking to them, I needed to talk to them. Maybe one of my futile tries of 'reaching out' to people. In the memory, Jessica is sitting by my side. I hug her and lay my head on her shoulder. I am way too touchy, but it doesn't feel creepy. Well, I mean, I know it doesn't mean much coming from me, but at least I review the memory without cringing. It is actually kind of sweet. I miss that kind of touch. When I was living as a boy it felt off. Now that I am woman, being trans still feels weird to be that affectionate. There is this worry that I will come off as predatory. 

In the afternoon I ate two flour tortillas with eggs, bologna, spinachs and vegetables. I feel hungry now, but I don't want to eat. One of the assignments from Calli, was to be aware when I restrict food as a form of punishment, and try to be more forgiving with myself. Is it what I am doing right now? It has to do with the money. I wanted to not spend anything until after receiving my next months salary. Two weeks. I should be able to. Probably.

I really want some pizza and fries. Two weeks.

This is the longest I've taken to complete the words since I started again this year. I really am having trouble concentrating. I should ask Louis for a time off. Next week, just one week. I hope... what do I hope? 

I saw some stories in Instagram of Eusebio and Jessica. They are in the talks of the church for their wedding. We were in Rosarito, one of the congresses we went to. The only one, I think. One of the people we met there told us about how it's always a bad idea dating someone from the same undergrad. No, from the same group of friends. When you broke up, it makes this huge mess with the rest of the group. Eusebio and Jessica have broken up a couple of times, I think. No, just once. It didn't last long. No, it did. It took a while before they got back together, officially, at least. 

I guess that did happen with me and Catherine. No. I was never really an important part of that group. I also am living in a different country. Yeah, sure. That's why I wasn't invited to the wedding, right. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-23
Words:   829
Minutes: 33

It hurts a little reading about those days. It's not fun anymore. It's not just the cringe of the awkward situations, the immaturity, the co-dependency. It's also the pictures I browsed a couple of nights ago the pictures of that stage of my life, the first months on hormones.

I passed a couple of times to some strangers. I really can't see why. I looked hideous. I remember how the first two years I'd go back to the pictures and be proud of my smiles. 'I look so happy' I would tell myself, parroting the stupid discourse of online circles. It's all bullshit, of course. Now, I feel uncomfortable looking at those smiles. I feel so foolish.

Even now, half a decade later, I still can't separate being attractive and being seen as a woman.

It doesn't really matter, I guess. 

I could not get out of bed in the morning. I decided against it, even though I had the meeting with Eduardo and Sarael. I just didn't shower. I haven't showered. I probably won't today.

The meeting went fine. I didn't finish the slides. I mean, I did, but not really. I presented in there only the most important results from last time again. The new nodal results I left in the reports. It was foolish to make them, of course nothing would come up. There are some interesting results, though. Even consistent. I could, again, try to do the sub-networks analyses. 

I... what was I going to write?

Right, the lab meetings.

After the meeting in spanish and feeling all hyped-up like I usually do, I made myself a sandwich. Time passed and I tried to think about what I could do until Mallar's lab meeting. It had to do with deep learning, so it would look bad if I didn't attend. I got in with my camera turned off. After a while, not much, Andjela asked if she could start. Mallar said that they should wait a little longer. He saw some 'creeps' from Louis' lab. That word made me feel uneasy, even though it wasn't hostile. He asked if Louis was going to come personally. He asked me directly by name.

That was the only time that I unmuted myself.

The meeting ended right before my meeting with Louis, 10 minutes early. He sent me a message on teams saying that he was ready, if I wanted to start earlier. We didn't have much to talk about. I told him how Niagara was down. Maget was still not working, even though I shortened the links. If he was disappointed in me, he hid it very well. After I made up some things that I had worked on the week, we ran out of things to talk about, so he brought up that I had sent him an email asking for time off. 

I confirmed and asked for next week. He suggested me this place where people go to whale watch. He also mentioned that I could ask some other students go with a graduate student budget.

Either yesterday or a couple of days ago, I noticed that Danilo doesn't follow me on Twitter anymore. I mean, I don't judge him really. I don't really post anything, and when I do, it's stupid things. It still hurt. 

Reading about those first months of hormones I got to the part when Garab asked Catherine about me. Weeks later, I would send friend requests to the people in the know. Garab was one of those. He accepted, I narrated. He's not in my Facebook, though.

It also hurts reading how I was. So self-centered and immature. No wonder Monica was so angry with me. Yeah, she was kinda shitty, but who wouldn't in her place? 

"Do you still doubt that you hurt me?", she said. And even years later, fuck, even when we started talking again I would have not realized fully what was it that I did.

She didn't see me first after coming back from France. That was what started everything. I would send her cryptic messages and feel bad because she wouldn't read my mind. I deleted her first because she didn't give me enough attention.

It doesn't matter. I should stop fixating on those days.

I went outside three times to check if the package had arrived. Online people said that it took 5 weeks for their package to arrive from Ukraine. I feel so desperate.

I don't know if I'll go somewhere next week. At first I wondered about going to some cute little town in Quebec and take lots of pictures with my camera. I do worry about my french, though. I remember the other mexican student telling me that the further I went away from Quebec or Montreal, the fewer people spoke English.

I guess the safest choice would be to look for some hostal and just going two days to Quebec city. I might end up doing that, I guess. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-24
Words:   756
Minutes: 50

I was all week waiting for this day to come, the day that I would come and pick up the new phone. I was so excited. Here it is, and sure, it is prettier than the older one. It's smaller and cuter. I like the size better. It's gonna fit better in my pockets, the camera's supposed to be better.

There were lines outside the apple store. No, I should start even before that.

I could not get up in the morning. The appointment for the phone was at 1pm. I didn't put an alarm. I thought it was absurd setting up an alarm for an appointment in the afternoon. I did set it, though. When I woke up in the morning, I wanted to sleep more. So I set up an alarm at 11, so I would have time to get in the shower and get ready, and then return to bury my face in the pillow. 

The alarm did not make any sound when it should. I stayed in bed even after I should hag gone up. I was dreaming something, but I can't really recall what they were about.

It's the weekend now. Friday's afternoon. Not only it's going to be the weekend, but I have a week off next. I should look into the trip. I have travelled alone before. I went to Europe, Spain, all by myself. I travelled to Washington to live on my own. I came here to Canada. Why taking a couple days off seems so tiring? 

I am drinking. I promised myself I shouldn't, and yet here I am. I bought a bag of chips, a liter of milk, two cans of cider and another two of soda (for the vodka that is left). 

I thought I could only eat the chips and maybe have a small drink. And, yet again, the bottle of vodka is almost done (less than for one drink). I drank the soda I had already and one can, and I am finishing one of the two cans of cider. 

I want the other one, even though I am already quite drunk. I feel good, though. Good, well? 

I know the fantasy is really stupid, but when I get drunk and high, I think about my body slipping through time. Now that I am a little tipsy, I keep going back to different times in my past. Different moments in Tijuana. Different people. It might be because I've been reading the journal of 5 years ago.

I feel better than ever. But I realize it's mostly because of the alcohol, and that brings me down. 

I showered, get ready and went just in time to the apple store. I check my old phone and saw that it was precisely 1:02pm when I saw the lines outside the apple store.

I fe... 

It's hard focusing. What was it that I was writing about?

It probably had to do somehting with the french that I heard in there. Oh, right, I feel guilty whenever I hear a bonsoir or bonjour and I reply back in english. Even though it's not my first language either, I feel like a lazy entitled american. I am trying. I am doing my best. 

A week ago —maybe more, maybe less— I thought about posting some cryptic stupid tweet like that, how I am doing my best, and yet it doesn't feel like enough. Gladly I decided against it. That's the shit that makes people unfollow me.

I just grabbed the second cider. I liked the pear one better. 

After setting up the iphone, I got 3 months of apple TV. I'm finally watching Ted Lasso, I've heard of the critics reaction, and then about it at the Scrubs podcast. It's another shot from Bill something. It's sweet. The protagonist is so sweet and charming. There are a lot of hugs and I feel so lonely. 

I'll look tomorrow about setting up the trip. At least Quebec City. Maybe another small town nearby, probably not. 

I received... what did I receive? 

Oh, right. I got a phone call to my new phone. Actually the first call. It was a recorded message telling me something about an express, something else. Was it a package? It probably was about the package from Ukraine, the lenses. The message told me to press double zero to inquire about it and then turned to chinese. I went outside to check but there was nothing new.

4 words until I finish. I'll leave it at that.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-25
Words:   787
Minutes: 33

Seven days streak. I don't think I usually look at that number since I've started doing these words again. It's going to be two months by the end of next week. This is the moment where I would get to think about what has happened since then, but I don't really feel like it.

I told myself I would not buy more alcohol and be careful with my expenses this month.
And here I am, I bought cider a couple of days ago, I've finished the bottle of vodka, and I'm looking at the tours in Quebec city and l'ile d'orleans. It's going to be around 100 dollars for the train tickets and a little bit less for the hostel. I bought a smaller backpack in Amazon. Even if I don't go to the trip —which I should, or explaining to Louis that I didn't do shit in my time off would be very embarrasing—, the bag should be useful for my photography trips. 

My father sent me a message today asking how things are going. I tried sending a message to my mum to check if iMessage works. No, it was before that. I told her that I'd bought a new phone and gave her my number —the same one that I've had since the beginning of this year.

My father asked me if I had changed numbers, given that my mum shared that one with him.

I just got a message from Armando in messenger. I decided to ignore them. We haven't really talked since that night out to the Jazz Fest with Alda. I left in a hurry and didn't clean the kitchen. When we came back, we returned to it clean and all the stuff moved to the side. I sent him a message apologizing, and he was a bit passive-aggresive and a bit of an asshole.

I was going to write something about how I wonder if I was still upset about that, but after the last sentence, I guess I am. I'm not sure he really likes us, to be honest. It doesn't matter, I guess. He's leaving in two months.

I could write about my wondering about the trip. The days. The prices of the train go up by the end of the week. I could extend the trip from wednesday to saturday, but, of course, that'd mean paying an extra night at the hostel and more in food.

I saw about these different tours. They would make things easier. Instead of exploring, I could just show up somewhere on time and just be there. Exploring on my own feels harder, lonelier.

There was this tour that included... I don't really want to talk about it. Tomorrow I'll buy the tickets and plan everything.

This morning I could not get out of bed. I didn't even try. I left the windows open and just covered  my face with the other pillow. I know I was dreaming something, but I can't recall the smallest detail of them.

Three months and the year is over. One fourth. I am on a holiday and yet I feel the most motivated to start working. I hope it doesn't disappear as soon as I get back to the office on Monday. 

Alda did mention that she started smoking from her room, to the side of the window. A couple of days ago —maybe even just this morning— I glanced outside the window from the living room and saw a bic lighter outside her window frame. Do I feel anything about it? I don't think I do.

Louis recommended going whale watching. I did look at some tours, but decided against it. I... 
I don't know what I want to do. I thought about just walking around the city, taking pictures, maybe. I saw these bike tours on the island. I am considering one of those. They're a bit expensive, but... am I really worth it? 

Monica won't come. When I was doing research for the bus and rail tickets, I found that the train to NYC is less than 100 canadian dollars. I told Monica that maybe, when the borders do open, we could go meet there. She liked the idea. I was excited. I excitedly mentioned going in New Years. She said the idea was stupid. Not exactly in those words, but still. 

Still, in our short and impersonal conversation, my dad mentioned that they might ask for a vaccine passport when they finally open the border in november. Will they? Open the border.

If they don't, I have an excuse to not go home. Do I really not want to go home? I don't want to stay here, either. Where do I belong? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-26
Words:   762
Minutes: 39

I feel like crying. I told Sonny how I really want a drink right now. I finished the bottle of vodka yesterday. I didn't get drunk, but I liked it so, so much. 

I should not buy more. Just keeping away from the alcohol would save me so much money.

I am getting more and more anxious about the money. I guess I could always cancel the internet and use the one in the house. I need to buy food. Maybe not having food would be better for me. Well, not better, but it'd be helpful in me losing more weight. I fool myself pretty easilty with how I look. In the mirror I think I look alright, and then I look at myself in the pictures and realize that I was wrong. It's not only about the weight, my face looks weird. The skin colour, the weird patches, the black spots of hair. 

I hate how I look almost as much as I hate myself.

I also told Sonny how I've changed my mind more than a handful of times since yesterday about going or not to Quebec. It would be good, having a time on my own outside the house. I could take some pictures, make use of the camera. Just pretend I have a life. 

It's also going to cost me more than 200 dollars. Money that I should not spend. I can always tell Louis that there are some things that are still closed, and I started getting anxious with the prices and all and just decided to take a rest. I'm sure he will understand.

Right now, again, I am favoring more the idea of not going. The last plans a couple of hours ago were to go wednesday in the very early morning, staying in the city, wandering around, have a lunch, taking some pictures until the afternoon, grabbing a beer at some pub. The next day I'd ask to put my bag in the storage that the hostel offers and take the tour. The original plan was to take the tour as soon as I got to the city, but the anxiety of not making it would be too much.

As I said, right now I don't feel like it. I don't want to get up at 4 in the morning to shower and shave and apply make up to catch the train. I don't want to deal with figuring out how to shave in the shared bathrooms with the long line of sinks and mirrors out in the open. I really don't want to wander around feeling alone. I am not feeling it right now. Maybe it's better just to rest. Save the money. Yeah... 

I am tired right now, even though, once again, I did not get out of bed until after noon.

I need to buy food. I cooked the sausage that I left yesterday with some spinach. I ate it with some rice and fried eggs. I have another bowl of cooked rice in the fridge and almost two kilos of uncooked rice in the counter. I have a lot of chicken in the freezer. 9 burritos, too. 

I have two cans of tomatoes for making pasta. I crave pizza so bad. I want the fries, mostly. 

I want to say fuck it, buy myself a 4-pack of guinness beers and order a pizza with fries and finish all of them in one night. I would feel so full and empty inside at the same time. 

I would surely feel like a piece of shit that night and the next morning.

I don't know what else to write about. 

Calli suggested videogames as a way to rest and take my mind out of, out of what?
I did try it. I restarted the PC and logged into Windows. I remembered there was some instructions of setting up the headphones in dual-boot setups. In windows I downloaded the last updates to the Assassin's Creed game. I played maybe 10 or 15 minutes, and I got sick of it. It wasn't fun. It didn't take my mind out of anything. I kept thinking about the trip. I kept trying to ignore the faint urges to cry.

I came back to the Linux partition and followed the rest of the instructions for the bluetooth headset. I opened the 750words website and instead of opening today's white page, I went to the first one in August. I read a couple of paragraphs where I talk about "the date" with Molly and felt a little sick.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-27
Words:   751
Minutes: 45

I decided against the trip. This time it's really final. Last night I stayed up until well past midnight, worrying about the money. I need to put aside 500 canadian dollars minimum each month to have just enough money to pay for tuition. I can't keep going all laissez-faire with my money. 

This morning I finally set up mint and linked my canadian bank account and the amount of spent money made me sure of my decision. More than 3 thousand dollars this month that is not even over yet.

Then I remembered that I paid one thousand dollars for the tuition. And later I recieved the backpack and started doubting it again. 

I sent a message to Monica, asking her how she's doing. It'd been several days since I last heard of her. A couple of minutes later she repied back. Honestly, she's not that well. She feels a heaviness all around her, and every action is extremely tiring. I told her it was text-book depression. 

We talked a little bit more about it. She commented how she's going to make an appointment to the psychologist. She told her mom about it, but she was very dismissal to the idea. She keeps thinking about the last two people she saw that were completely awful. 

I just made myself a cup of tea, to see if it can aliviate a little the urge to drink alcohol. I've finished the chai black tea that I had, so I grabbed a bag of herbal hibiscus tea. Foolishly, I put on a splash of milk. That shit turned purple.

I signed my name in the sheet of the gym downstairs. 10 in the morning. Maybe doing some exercise will be good for my mental health. Should I do some research into how to actually use the machines? I could always just go to the treadmill, I guess. But if I want to jog, why not go to Mont-Royal?

Maybe later this week I can actually go to Mont Royal again. Walk up to the observatory and take some pictures from there. I read about the Marché Jean-Talon in Little Italy. I could walk there again like my trip of that other time. I don't think I'd feel comfortable taking pictures inside the market, but I remember several peculiar views the last time I went that way. I could eat there or buy some produce. But then again, I had to goal of not spending anything else until the end of the month. What's the point of that, if I already owe more than a hundred dollars on the credit card? Sometimes I can be pretty irrational.

This is my first day of my week off. I am worrying again what I will eat. What food I need to buy. Three more days until the end of the month. One week until I receive the payment of my stipend. I have the bowl of cooked rice, some flour tortillas, one egg, the dozen of sausages, bologna, two slices of bread, one packet of ramen, a lot of chicken thighs, the burritos and some dry pasta. I can make it easily, I guess.

I don't know what else to write about. How am I feeling? I am getting distracted pretty easily.
I filled the second day of the mood recording app. I put in a good mood, but is it really? Right now I don't feel as if I were OK, I feel like something is bottled up.

I feel hungry, but I don't want to eat anything. The reflection in the mirror on my bureau looked thin again. Well, thinner. Was it last night? I kept browsing the old pictures, just as I've been reading the old journal entries. It was after six months of hormones that I started looking decent.

Do I mean passable? Or is it being attractive what I am referring to? 

I don't really love how I looked before I moved to Mexico City, but at least those pictures of just a couple of months before don't make me cringe. The pictures I really like are those from the time before my departure to the US. Ironically, those from the worst period of my life. Starting from when Catherine and I broke up. That's when I started to lose weight. When I looked my best was when I felt the worse, around the trip to Vegas. The pictures I like more are right next to the pictures of my bleeding thighs.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-28
Words:   904
Minutes: 50

I usually get infected with the sadness and depression from how I was feeling when I was writing the journal entries that I've read. I finally finished all the way from before my transition to my move to Mexico City. I don't feel down, but I feel extremely anxious.

The last entries talked about my looking for a place in the new city. I was worried about the mismatched official documents and burdened with social anxiety. I had a lot of stuff to deal with the simultaneous applications to the master program, while at the same time trying to figure out how to navigate the bureocratic maze that was to change my birth certificate. 

And there's also the stuff that I didn't even write about but still was brought back. The living situation in that first apartment sucked. The bathrooms were horrible, the building was cheaply made, and there were a lot of people. 

I made a jump to a couple of months later to when I fainted in the shower. And then, after just two days of that summer, a made another big leap to almost a year and a half later. I wrote about a situation with Maleny and the cleaning. Now that I think of it, have I ever had a comfortable living situation? The first building was horrible. I moved to that other building with —what was her name?— and her boyfriend and her friend. The girl that would later kick me and Karen out. After that I moved with Maleny. I liked that building and apartment more than the other two, but still, mostly now that I think back to it, there were always issues with my roommate. Was I ever a slob? When I was living with Raul and Consuela, she came to my room to ask me to do my part of the cleaning. With Rosa and her third-world student residency, I wasn't just living with a bunch of undergrads, but most of them were even freshmen. So, being the most clean person in that place doesn't really count. 

A similar thing happened with the physicists. The literature guy was the dirtiest one of us. He made me look good by comparison. Maleny wasn't as anal as Armando, but still. I can remember her phonecall —phonecalls? were there more than one?— with her friend, passive-aggresively saying that the apartment was disgusting. I don't know why I remember as if I had heard her friend asking why she doesn't say something. It's impossible given that it was phonecall, maybe it was something I inferred from her reply? She said something like that, in anycase she's very special and nobody can clean like she wants to. 

I lived in there for less than I've lived here in Montreal. I don't remember from the top of my head how long I lived with the physicists. I know I moved there around the time that I first broke up with Catherine. It was around the summer. No, that can't be, can it? I moved to the shitty first building in february. I moved fairly quickly back to Tijuana after the applications. The first semester I walked to classes from the apartment nearby. Wait... the first earthquake was in september 2017. I had broken up with Catherine by then. Nonetheless, I remember going out from the metro after the earthquake, coming from the Condesa clinic, and taking the bus back home to that building. Nonetheless, I also remember that when I talked to Catherine again after we had just broken up, I told her that I was already living at the other place. 

So, when did I move then? Was it really during the first semester? I guess I could just check the pictures. Even without checking, if that is true and I moved there halfway through the first semester, knowing that we were kicked out in the summer, that still is not much more than how far I've lived here, too. Probably the same. Does this mean that here is the place —other than my parent's house— where I've lived the longest? 

After Fuentes Brotantes, I've been jumping around between airbnbs. Those two places before finally going the DC were my favorites. The condo doesn't need much explanation, but the one that followed was a good location, too, it was relatively close to the lab, it felt homely, there was something with the television in the room that I really liked. Then the two one-month places in the US. The house in Iztapalapa. The semester in Queretaro where I lived with Dey and with the Dr. And finally, the year in quarantine back in Tijuana.

Now, the anxiety that I described to Sonny just moments ago like the sensation of looking for your wallet and passport and keys before going late to the airport is finally starting to subsede. It's still there. I feel like I'm missing something important. A big deadline is approaching that I completely forgot about. I have the pending analysis with Eduardo and Sarael's project. I already enrolled to the candidacy exam. I am on my week off from the analysis at the lab. The passport and study permit won't expire until 2023. What is it? 

I drank a cup of tea, but it was only one bag and it is supposed to be caffeine-free. 

I don't know what, but I am sure I am missing something.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-29
Words:   848
Minutes: 89

I am starting to get cold. I guess it's finally that time of the year again. Just this morning I... 

I got distracted. Should I put on a hoodie? The final episode of Breaking bad is over. I considered continuing with the movie, but it wasn't... I got distracted again. A customer rep from student universe contacted me about the failed reservation of the flight. I could try again now. I did but got the same result.

I planned getting up earlier to start getting accustomed to a productive schedule. Last night I catched up to the most recent entries this year. It was weird reading my summary of when, a couple of years ago, I also went back to read old entries. I got the the end and ended up feeling disappointed that there were no more. I know what happens later, I lived it.

It is still hard to write. I can't focus. Is this anxiety still? 

The plan was to get up early. I could go pick up the lens and then do some photography with it. I couldn't sleep until around 5 in the morning. Could it be the tea? It's supposed to be caffeine-free, but it's very weird. The day before I didn't sleep much, I was supposed to be tired. 

I postponed the alarm a lot of times until around noon. The package wouldn't be ready until after 13, anyway. Did I eat first or did I shower? I heated the sausages from yesterday and made two burritos with them. 

This is easily the longest it has taken me to finish an entry. I have less than an hour to finish.
Even now, I am gettings distracted. I am still not halfway done.

I sent a message to my mum telling her that it was now sure that I'd not be going to Tijuana. Was this also today?

I showered and grabbed my stuff to go pick up the lens. I didn't put the camera in the bag. I didn't want to... I can't even finish my sentences. I keep losing the train of thought. What is happening to me? 

I keep thinking back about something of last night. Something that has to do with the journal. Some realization or insight that happened. Maybe about the day that I wanted to share with Sonny, the one where I narrate about the flirting with Patty. Why do I feel so attached to that night? Even more than the party at Sof's. 

At the pharmacy there was a red line closing the corridors up to the cashiers in the post office corner. One worker saw me and told me the computer was down, and they'd be closed for around 15 minutes. I just wandered around the pharmacy looking at the stuff. On the way there I had seen that Paty sent me a message on Instagram. I ignored on the way there. She was inviting me to do something for her birthday. 

I wanted to blew her off, telling her that the trip from Canada was super expensive. I just had told my mom that I would not be going. There was something in her proposal that got to me. I agreed. 

I checked on the website and realized that there were some airlines with way cheaper flights than aeromexico. I told Sonny and asked her if she could pay for my trip to Nayarit. I could do the same with my parents. When my mom suggested doing a videocall on Christmas, there was something in the idea that put me off.

I feel nervous about asking Louis to leave off a week before the McGill time off.

Later I would tell Sonny hat I keep thinking back about Bacalar. Those two guys from the boat place that kept misgendering me. Will the same thing happen? No make up, bathing suit, bad shaving. I will probably be misgendered and look like shit in the pictures.

At least I have now a goal in mind to eat less and keep losing weight.

Yesterday —or was it the day before?— I went to the gym and did some cardio on the treadmill and the standing bike. I actually enjoyed it, way more than outside on the park, surprisingly.

I tried purchasing the flight, but it couldn't be confirmed. I worried that it was something to do with my card. I sent an e-mail and then called support center. The lady said that it was because the fare was no longer available, and I could just try again. I got the same result on both the website and their phone app. I tried it directly on the website of the airline, but that didn't pass either. I guess it's an issue of the airline. 

I'll try again tomorrow, or later this week. There is not much difference in price with the other flight, but for that one I would both need a PCR test for entering the US, and also spent more than half a day traveling just to get to Mexico and get into another plane.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-09-30
Words:   781
Minutes: 139

I did not get up early, nor did I go to use the new lens. It was hard to fall asleep last night. 

I shared the journal entry with Sonny. As soon as it was delivered, I remembered the times I shared something with her only for it to be ignored. It was something that was probable to happen again. The day I shared was the first one in which I mentioned her.

The first time I wrote again this year, after rereading the day, I wanted to share it with someone. No, I wanted to share it with anyone. I even created an account on blogger to upload it.

Maybe we talked about it. I don't really remember the time at which I finally fell asleep. 

The alarm did sound this morning. The screen blinked with the time. It was 8:30. I turned around and went back to sleep. The sun was illuminating the whole room. I still slept until noon. There was the option of going out in the evening. 

I craved pizza so much. The idea was very tempting. Today is the last day of September. Tomorrow I'll need to transfer the money of the rent. The stipend of the month is almost gone. A couple of days ago I calculated the minimum amount I need to save to be able to pay the tuition of the year. A little less than 500 dollars. I kept thinking about that when I considered ordering the pizza. The doubt was alive for around 40 minutes. Finally, I put on some rice on the stove and fried the rest of the sausages.

The food is almost gone. There was half of the rice and another portion of the rice as leftover. I could eat that tomorrow. Or I could cook some pasta.

I remembered the thought that I kept coming back to. It wasn't the first time that I did it. I was on the reddit app when the username of Alice came to my mind and with it the urge to look her up. The idea that somehow she'd write something about that night was still in my head. Years ago, after Paola had used my phone to log into Facebook, I realized the account was still logged in. In a serious breach of trust I looked at her conversation with the other Paola. What I was looking for? It was that same thought. I was looking for some mention of me. I can really hate myself sometimes. More than usual. 

I didn't buy the pizza. A couple of hours after eating, I was still hungry and considered coming back to eat the rest of the cooked food. I didn't, but instead I finished all of the cookies.

In the morning, I tried again to order the plane ticket. The same result came up. I had thought yesterday that the next time, instead of the service help of student universe I would call the number of the airline. Instead, I felt a very familiar anxiety. Yesterday I called the number without any issues, why was the idea of calling today felt excruciating? No, yesterday I sent the e-mail first. 

I am getting distracted again. I scheduled the appointment with Calli in my calendar. With how I've been feeling lately, it's possible that I'd end up forgetting the appointment. Last session, I left with the idea that I wasn't saying everything stuck in my chest. What do I feel the need to tell her about? 

If the... what did I wanted to say? 

Right, the flights. If the cheap overnight flight ends up being impossible to reserve, the next cheap option is taking one with two layovers in the United States. For that one, I'd need to take a COVID test, which are around one hundred dollars. There is another one that is direct and isn't a red eye. I could ask my paretns to pay for it. I really don't like it. 

It doesn't matter.

That flight to mexico is business class. It'd be the first time that I flight business. I sent a message to my mom telling her. She offered they could help me with the tickets. 

Honestly, I do want to go to Tijuana. I do miss my family. Nymeria. I completely had forgotten about my little Nym. At least I won't spend in food. 

My mum told me to wait for my dad so he can give me the info of his card. She asked if I'll be buying the return flight, too. I don't know if the border will be opening by next year. I do hope so, but I don't know. I doubt it.


