------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-01
Words:   763
Minutes: 84

The entry from the day before today is plagued with the word cheater. Why did I do that? I remember being tired. No, I was in bed. In the early evening. In the morning I got up and showered. Catherine would come pick me up, we'd be going to eat breakfast after... what was she going to do? 

It wasn't. I think I stayed in bed while she showered. She proposed me to bring the birria instead of picking me up and going ourselves to that recommended place. I showered and got ready pretty fast. She came and picked me up. I did not wore make up. My clothes were leggings and a loose sweater. Everyone gendered us correctly. We did go to the "Tio Pepe"'s. I ordered two tacos of birria and one of potatoes. They were all really good. We returned home and she helped me browse for apartments. It was disheartening. Was they after or before the bag? It was after it. At first we returned from the restaurant and I met the clothes taken out of the drying machine. 

It was rushing, and stressing, she wanted to start but I had to put the clothes back to the closet. She didn't understand why did I have to, if we were going to put them in, anyway. Finally I did, and we started. We were going in order, first pants, then t-shirts, then long-sleeved blouses, hoodies, dresses, etc... Until we went through all of my closet. The pants were dirty. I just put them apart and threw them to the washing machine. 

When the bag was filled with the clothes that I'd be putting in later, I set it aside and we sat in front of the computer to see the apartments. We browsed the ones I had marked and then made some new searches. It was really disheartening noticing the majority of them asking for only girls. Thinking about asking for information and being rejected because of the information in my official papers or my genitals makes me feel hopeless. After looking and saving several of them I lied on the bed and shyly cried and hugged Nymeria. I don't know if Catherine noticed or not. 

She left after an hour, maybe. I don't remember what else did I do. In the evening I was really tired and went to bed. I slept and didn't got up until late at night. When I exited the room, both of my parents and siblings were already home. 

Today was and is another day. The last day before the trip. I got up in the morning knowing it would be harder tomorrow to leave Nymeria on the bed. I went to Rene. I stopped at the bank and filed a deposit of two thousand pesos to my debit card. With Rene it really was a closing session. I starting talking about how I remembered or recalled the first time I went to his office. How different did I looked then than how I do now. We continued on that train of thought. All the changes I've gone through, what I've accomplished and what was something that was left to work with. 

He gave me a palming on the shoulder similar to the one that he gave on my last session as "Ivan". 

"This time there won't be a "See you next time", I said mortified. 

I've done this before. I've left home. I returned, except I didn't. Ivan left three years ago and I came back in his place, in his clothes and in his role. 

Will something like that happen? Will I return differently? Will I make it? Will I came back triumphantly in more than a month from now? Or will it be like my father advised me, and I'll return defeated with my tail between my legs and my head sunk. 

I'm smart, I'm strong and brave. I can make it. I can. 

I have to study more. I have to read and prepare. The day after tomorrow, no, the one after that is the test. 

I have to find a place to live. I have lots of things to do and worry about. Nymeria, nymeria, what will happen with her? 

I have still the backpack and the handbag yet to fill. My laptop and books and notebooks. My pills. Will I hug her tonight? Will she be here waiting for me when I return. Will she still love me the same? Will I cry tomorrow before I leave? 

Will I cry in a week after I'll be alone. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-02
Words:   842
Minutes: 27

I remember being in a hotel sitting just like this, with the computer in the desk and behind it a mirror in which I can see myself typing. This is the first entry in this new city. I've been here before in what seems as other different life. It was like 20 years ago. It was a different me and a different city. The only thing I remember is walking through a park, getting in a ride that resembled a working machine and taking a picture behind a wall with a cowboy and a horse painted with their faces being holes in which you pose. 

Me, I am 20 years older, I am no longer a little boy but a grown woman.

I woke up four hours after midnight. Nymeria was in the bed with me under the sheets. At first she was energetic and biting. I could had let her go to her own bed, but knowing it was going to be the last night in who knows how many that I'd share with her, I insisted and grabbed her. Eventually we fell asleep. It's hard for me to even estimate the hours I did sleep. I remember putting an alarm half an hour before the hour I wanter the getout of bed. I was awake when it started playing. My heart broke when I left Nymeria on the bed even just for showering. 

I got ready. I did my hair and put on the clothes. The bags were all ready. I played chess with L before leaving the house. I went for Nymi and grabbed her to the table with me. I wanted to be close to her. 

Everyone came downstairs eventually. My father drove the pick-up with me and my siblings. First we took L to their school. On the way there he mentioned how they were 13 already and it came to me how it is their birthday. I didn't even hugged them. Will they miss me? They asked me since last night about playing chess but I had to answer negatively because I hadn't made the baggage. 

The next stop after the jr high school that came after the grade school where both me and Miguel attended was the airport. 

We got there around seven. My father parked and accompanied me to make the check in. I had just registered the suitcase when Catherine and her mom arrived. Catherine's mom called me beautiful. My mother posted a picture of me outside the house just leaving. I was wearing a closed hoodie, no make up and my hair tied back in a pony-tail. "Do I resemble Ivan?" I asked Catherine. That was the intention. I would need to appear like the person in my id to aboard the airplane. She had said that "uh, yeah(?)". 

When I saw the picture that my mother posted, even then I looked feminine. 

The flight was tiring. I fell asleep on the last third of it. I was coming and going in a state of dreams. I confused reality with my dreaming. 

Arriving at the airport, we waited for our suitcases and took a cab to the hotel. From here we went straight to the meeting of roomies that was near Roma. We would need just to take a line of subway and three stops of the bus. It was tiring and stressful and annoying. I got lost getting into the subway station that's just two streets next to the hotel. In there Catherine asked for a card and was told that they didn't had any. Then, she asked for a ticket and was replied in a really rude manner. 

When I asked for my own ticket, the salesman gave it to me and just stayed quiet. I asked him how much was it and he answered back, again, in the most patronizing way possible. 

We were confused how to take the train the correct way. We stumbled a little but got to our destination. Later, when it was time to take the bus, we found out they didn't have any cards left and that was the only way to board. We had to ask for a favor to a passerby, which, when he tried, could buy one card. 

We ate a burger. We got into the wrong building, and by when we had realized it I didn't have neither the energy, nor the will to socialize and meet new people. 

I asked her to come back. It was the last of the busy hour. We were trapped in both the bus and the subway. It was weird boarding the first wagon exclusively for women. I felt as if I were intruding, as if I was incognito and could be discovered. Did that mean that all the women how saw me there, saw me as a woman? Maybe they thought I was like those men that were there by mistake or just because of carelessness.

Tomorrow we'll go to CU. I should look around to advices of apartments and ask for vacancy. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-03
Words:   779
Minutes: 55

Today, this moment, more than ever should I be studying or reviewing the information for the test for tomorrow. Right now it's eight o'clock in the afternoon. The only stuff that I've reviewed is what I've read in the first part of the flight to come here yesterday. 

Catherine has uploaded a post to Facebook with a picture of herself in front of the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters. We went today to the University. We didn't got out of bed in the early morning. I asked her to come to sleep early after the itinerary we had yesterday. I was extremely tired, exhausted. Even after catching the movie of Sweeney Todd in the Warner Channel and loving that the songs were in their original english I couldn't stay awake. Catherine told me in the morning that she couldn't sleep and noticed how I did really fast. 

It's been months since I've wanted to sleep by her side. 

Did I shower before or after doing the words? Just stepping to the shower with her made me have an erection. I felt the skin stretch to the point of discomfort and it brought me a mixture of both pleasure and pain. It wasn't until the morning, though, before I was completely awake nor ready to get out and start the day, that we started kissing and touching our bodies. 

There was a comment in the airplane of how I move a lot while I sleep, supposedly more when I am dreaming. Last night I was in a university. It wasn't the national one that we would visit later this day, but it wasn't either the one I am accustomed to. In there, I noticed a girl that resembled my ex. She had really short hair. Its tips were barely showing under the edge of a beanie. Later, when I passed through a classroom I saw a familiar coat and her backpack. I felt really uncomfortable. Why would I find her there? What could she be doing that would led her up to that place. 

Later something happen with a classmate that wanted me to confront her. I remember, too, not wanting her to see me with the clothes I was wearing. I don't know exactly what were they. I thought how many other times I looked way more feminine. How do I usually dream about myself?

We took the metro after eating breakfast in the restaurant of the hotel. It was way more empty than yesterday's evening when we returned. We took it all the way to Copilco. It was a trip of around 40 minutes. Tomorrow we plan to wake up in the early morning and get ready to be leaving around 6 in the morning. We have to be there by 8 and a half, and the exam will start by 10. 

We found the auditorium after struggling with the maps and the entrances. 

Something happened just like that when, after leaving the university, we took a bus to a plaza to look for a ATM of my bank where I could withdraw money. We finally got to the mall but could not find the entrance. We wandered around and around but couldn't find the ATM. Later, when we ate in the colony where Andrea lived, I tried to withdraw from a different ATM and was charged 17 pesos. 

In our trip around Copilco and Coyoacan we gathered the little pieces of paper with the numbers of the people offering them. Most of them asked for just a specific gender, or tutors who could aval the process or letters of recommendation. 

I was really nervous about the process of calling or contacting them and explain my situation. 

We got to the hotel and started with that. I dreaded the idea of using the phone and exposing my voice and history being vulnerable to discrimination. Sometimes we took the first wagons of the metro that is exclusive to women. I feel their eyes on me. I feel as an intruder. I don't have a piece of paper or something that validates me. I have nothing but my appearance. 

When we exited the Sanborns, one of the people that passed us was a person visibly masculine with a skirt and a light sweater. They were  noticeably uncomfortable, with a binder or notebook on their chest. I saw their eyes and found the fear sometimes I want to hide. 

As soon as I finish these words I will get to study. 

Tomorrow we'll see the first room. Then Sunday. I'm scared of taking them. I am scared of being denied. I am scared of not finding anything and end up homeless. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-04
Words:   750
Minutes: 56

The test is done. We've done it. I feel like a huge load has been taken off my shoulders. It was a short test, it could had been an ordinary semester exam from my time in the bachelor's. It wasn't hard, but it wasn't that easy either. I guess I was more nervous about the dealing with the registration and the id than the questions themselves. 

Last night, we finished with the calls and messages of the rooms. I've seen the first one already, it's shared with two students of UNAM, one of math and the other of physics. I didn't told them I am trans, but I can't be sure that they didn't realize it. Tomorrow we'll visit the other two rooms that we agreed to. Both of them know about the discordance with my identity and the presentation and name of my id. They seemed okay with it. The first one, I told her out of despite and as a trial to see what would be sharing it with strangers. It's really hard, this feeling of being vulnerable, of being a marginal person. 

After that we studied. She finished before I did. I stayed on the other bed with the screen lighted up and reading about the statistical analysis of testing of hypotheses. Not much later did I turned it off and accompanied her under the sheets. I took my pajama bottoms and hugged her. This time she fell asleep first and she was the one with the movements and the snoring. Not much after I slept as well. 

It was around 5 hours of sleep that we got before the alarm brought us back to this foreign city. As I opened my eyes, a cold and sharp blow of air cut me in half. I felt it through the sheets, my skin and bones. It woke me up more than any cup of coffee would have. 

I took the sheets with me to the bathroom and showered and got ready. I wore a male shirt, I tied my hair and didn't wore any make up. 
I looked ambiguos enough to lessen my worry about the procedure and not too much to feel it unbearable. 

We took the metro a couple of minutes after it opened and still it wasn't that empty. We got to Copilco and stopped at a mexican dinner to eat breakfast. The waitress didn't gender us. We waited in the faculty outside the auditorium. There were lots and lots of people, easily enough we surpassed the thousands. 

The exam wasn't that hard. More than half of the questions I answered with the surety that they were correct. A quarter, I guess I think of them correctly, but they might be wrong. The rest, though, I hesitated before putting my answer, and most of them even changed it afterwards. 

I won't know the results until the end of March, more than a month from now. It's time enough to deal with the papers and procedures. 

After the test and killing some time around Copilco, we went to the subway station where we would meet with the potential roommate that would show us the room. He was the only one that didn't know really about my transness, but I was wearing ambiguos clothes and it might had been noticeable. Neither he nor the other roommate made any comment or face. He even recognized me from far away as we exited the oxxo. 

We came back to the room, the subway was as full, maybe even a little more, as the first day. Because of how I looked, I didn't feel comfortable enough to wander there, even if the crowd were less constricting. We experienced the first time a man pushing and getting into the line. 

We got here and stopped near the market to buy some food. We got to menus to go and ate them half-naked here in the room. I bought eggs and longaniza and she, meat. It was really good. After the food and the day, I was exhausted. We lied on the bed and I couldn't help to fell asleep. 

In UNAM, we sat in the grass of the faculty of humanities, there was some kind of park were lots of dogs were running and playing. My mom sent me some messages and in them shared how Nymeria cries when the evening comes or sometimes just stays at the window whimpering. I miss her. Will she recognize me when I get back? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-05
Words:   756
Minutes: 54

Catherine is about to paint my toenails. I'm sitting on the bed, the one on the right, where we slept the first night in the city. She's lying on the other one, with the her suitcase next to her and her phone on the hands. We woke up again early but didn't really had a reason to. Yesterday we didn't go to Tlatelolco nor the Zocalo because I felt asleep. We planned of getting up early and going there before visiting the first room of the day. 

I have just sent the message asking for it. Saying that I want it, I'm sure. 

We woke up when her alarm of the phone sounded. She was really tired, so she asked me if we could sleep some more. I totally agreed. The breakfast was from here, the restaurant of the hotel. I got... I don't remember what I was typing. I just received the message confirming the room. Just tomorrow I make the deposit and can take the room. It's a weird feeling, having now somewhere to stay. It's a huge relief and yet it's some kind of despair realizing that I don't have to return anymore. 

I dressed with the intention of looking feminine but I guess my choice of clothes wasn't that obvious. After breakfast we took the subway, the first time we did use the first wagon that is reserved for woman. We got to Copilco, outside the metro station I called the woman that I had chatted with but nobody answered. We went straight to there. We got to the street and finally the house. Last night we looked for it on  Google Maps and the street view showed us a green house of two flights. We got there but there was nobody to be seen. I sent another message but it stayed unlooked. I knocked on the garage door first and waited for a quarter of an hour, then a second time minutes before the time we had said we would leave. 

I don't remember how was it that we decided to keep looking on the numbers of the houses down the street. It was half an hour after the agreed time. We found a house with a repeated number and the letters "bis". We kept going and my phone rang. Just moments later did we find some women outside a house that seemed to recognize why we were there. 

They showed us the room. The mother, the one actually named Rosa, welcomed us and gave us a tour of the building. Before leaving, she added that "and about what you told my daughter, you don't have nothing to worry about here." She commented about the couple that lives with her daughter. We left. 

From there we took the subway to Coyoacan and walked towards the Frida Kahlo's Museum. There was a line that got to the end of the street, but that was the one for the people that already had a printed ticket or bought. Catherine was discouraged of going and talked about returning. I convinced her of staying... well, she says that I told her that if she wanted togo, go... Anyway, we stood on the other lane that got to the end of the street and then came back. The end was almost to the same place that it began. A couple of minutes later she had the idea of buying the tickets over the internet in her phone. We used my debit card and it was a success. 

Half an hour later we were in. We took some pictures and I posted one of them on Facebook. 

There was time still before going to visit the second room, so we went to a little faire that was in a park nearby. I bought a quartz with a painting on it of the tree of Life. "Wherever you are, I'll be; wherever you go, I'll go; wherever you die, I'll die." 

I think about giving it to her for her birthday tomorrow. We've made some different plans that even now I don't know what will happen. 

We stopped at a coffee place and drank tea. The other room was real nice and clean. The potential roommate interviewed me right then and there and we seemed to click it off nicely. 

After visiting the Zocalo and eating dinner her, I decided to sent a message to confirm the room. 

And it's all done. Tomorrow I'll make the deposit and everything will be set. 

I'll finally be moving officially here. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-06
Words:   963
Minutes: 27

Catherine is my age now. Today is her birthday. We woke up un the morning and I used the phone to ask for breakfast. I ordered her some pancakes with fruit, and for me scrambled eggs with bacon. The restaurant was barely opening so they told us beforehand that the order would take a while. We used the time to fool around, kissing each other and exploring under the pijamas. When she got into the bathroom they called us for a third time after telling that they didn't had any grapefruit. This time the waiter asked us if we were there, because they had sent the food but nobody answered. I told him that we hadn't heard anything. He sent her again. This time I left the door opened. Cathy didn't like her pancakes. We showered and got ready. This time I wore something more feminine and still I felt like people would see me suspiciously. It's weird, I see pictures of myself and I looked more different than the past months of my transition. 

Yesterday was when a kid selling and offering something approached us outside the Museum of Frida Kahlo, and told us "Take it girl... girl, boy, I don't know". 

First we went to the Vasconcelos library. We used the metro to get there. It supposedly would be open, but it was not. 

No, that wasn't the first thing. Yesterday I sent a message confirming the rent of my room. Before going down the station we looked for an ATM and I made a withdraw. I took enough money to pay for the deposit and the first month of rent. There was an oxxo further down the street so I deposited the money and sent a picture of the receipt. 

I officially have where to stay and sleep. Tomorrow is the last full day I'll share with Catherine. The night after tomorrow will be the last one for a while. 

When we returned from the closed library, I asked Catherine to stop by the metro-bus station to see if I could buy another card. I was introducing the money when the couple next to us asked us for help. She had put in 15 pesos, but the machine didn't give her nothing in return but a receipt. I showed them how you pushed the button and just introduce the coins, it would be more than 16, but the card only costs 10, the rest is its funds. The machine threw me mine, and I exchanged it to her for her bill of 20 pesos. Catherine showed her hoy to refill it. 

Her husband told her to thank the "young man... lady" he corrected himself as Catherine pointed out. People here have been accepting, but, does this mean that they see me and know I'm trans? Do policemen cloak me at the entrance of the exclusive wagon and just let me pass? 

From the library we went to Tlatelolco. We stopped by the arqueological zone and saw the building where I'll be taking my other entry exam in a couple of weeks. We sat by the Plaza de las 3 Culturas. There was a plaque with the names of some of the dead students that were killed in the massacre of the 68th. Both of us felt a knot in our throats. I mentioned my interest of visiting the Plaza de Mayo in Buenos Aires. 

In there I told my family and friends that I've found a room. I chatted a little with my parents and L. My mom later sent me pictures of Nymeria looking out the window. I miss her more than I ever think I would. 

We came to the Zocalo, the Main Plaza of the city. We ate tacos de canasta and shared a torta of wienner sausages. We kept going t the Latinamerican tower and saw the Bellas Artes Palace. Both of them were also closed. 

In the Hotel, as we returned after the trip, we lied on the bed to rest. Catherine had her period. We fooled around without getting under the clothes. But I mentioned I was sleepy and it killed the mood. She were distant. "Every time that I start things you get either tired or sleepy". 

I resented her, because I was angry at myself. She took my bra off, she left me in a tank, cold and she was the one that stopped. I made a comment, but she stopped. I used that excuse to turn around. Then I fell asleep. 

We had made a reservation in a restaurant with a view to the Zocalo. We changed and went. We had an entree of avocado and tuna, beer in a cocktail with clamato, our main plates were arrachera steak for her and meatballs in a chipotle sauce for me. We took a shot of tequila for celebration and finished the evening with a corn bread with eggnog and vanilla ice cream. 

We were talking about everything, the notebook that she bought yesterday and I said I would write something in it. 

"I'll draw a picture of a dick in it, maybe the words "I love you" written with the little veins". She made a face and her eyes started watering. "I was going to tell you no, but I remember that you always used to draw me dicks." 

She started crying. I asked her if it was a good or a bad kind of cry. "A little bit of both". "I think about it, and you'll stay here". I cried with her. Two girls in a romantic dinner sobbing before the main dishes came. 

Maybe neither of us want to think about it. We had a full day still. I don't know how I'll deal with letting her board the plane. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-07
Words:   759
Minutes: 53

This will be the last night that I'll share with someone I know before sleeping in a stranger's bed. In less than 24 hours I will leave Catherine in the airport and return to my new room. I live here now. I've paid the deposit and the first month of rent. 

We've done... 

I don't know what I was typing. I'm here lying on the bed and Catherine is sitting on the other one. Her tablet is streaming an episode of House. The one where the patient is paralyzed and can't move. He can't do anything but blink. Then he can't even do that. I remember seeing those episodes of House weekly when they were showing on air tv. I used to wait every day the were playing to catch them on the time they aired. I maybe was in jr high. Now that I am seeing it again, I can feel the emotions related to it. The frustration of not being able to communicate, the loneliness and despair. The feeling of hopelessness. 

The first thing we did today was eat breakfast at the restaurant that is a block down the street. I ordered northern eggs, scrambled eggs with stranded meat bathed in green sauce and Catherine ordered scrambled eggs with sausages. 

We returned and ordered a uber to take us to my new room. The next time that I enter in there I'll be alone in this monstrous city. 

I broke the handle of my suitcase. The first flight of stairs was easy, the second, not even with her help could we take it without issues. When the landlady saw us with the case, she said: "This girl brought her whole closet in wheels". Catherine told me to bring the large suitcase. She's flipping me off as I read out loud what I am typing. 

From there we walked towards the metro station in Copilco, looking around seeing all the little shops and tailors and beauty shops and inns and butchers around the area, my future neighborhood. We intercepted the microbus I could be able to take when I am in a rush to get into the university or to the metro station. 

We traveled towards Chapultepec to visit the Forest. In there, was saw the lake and the little stands with souvenirs and bags and clothes. Both Catherine and I bought each a bag. Mine fits my laptop perfectly and I can use it as a big purse. Catherine's looks more like a backpack, but it's small enough to be used as a purse as well. She told she has always wanted something like that since for ever, but never really found one that fulfilled her wishes.

We visited the Chapultepec castle, now the national museum of history. Catherine bought me both a dreamcatcher to put over my bed as the one I gave to her from my trip to Guadalajara with my parents. She also bought for me a jewelry box. A little wooden jewelry box with a carved cover. 

Exhausted we walked down the castle and another blocks looking for a place to eat. I chose a restaurant from google maps because of its name. It is called Mexsi bocu, a play with the pronunciation of Thank you in french and the mexican language. I thought it would be a corny little funny place, and it end up being a fancy french restaurant with plates way over our budget. Catherine ordered a tartar steak and I a roast beef sandwich. We were overblown by the tastefulness of their home bread. 

After our dinner we walked a little more and stayed in a homey cafe sharing a frappe of chai tea. 

Tomorrow is Catherine's departure. She's deciding what to wear tomorrow. I had to before we left today because I would take the rest of my clothes to the new room. 

We're sitting on the bed, she's by my side. We were just talking about my money situation. I came here with 1200 pesos and 4000 in cash. Now I'm left with less than that and a month paid of rent. I have 6600 pesos in both cash and funds. My father deposited me a thousand pesos. Is it enough money? Am I still being dependent of them? 

That was never the idea. Even when I lived with them my father used to give me half a thousand every week and my mother a thousand every month. 

They can still help me. Not because they send me money does it mean I'm a failure. 

Does it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-08
Words:   867
Minutes: 37

It feels extremely weird changing the location in Google Maps of "Home". In the app citymapper, I had the hotel as the "home" reference. I didn't want to change that, but i's the most useful app here, so I did. 

Now, I already showered and am lying on this my new bed. I'm tired. It's barely 8 o'clock. I want to sleep. I feel like crying. Since yesterday I have lost count of the times I've cried. 

At what time did I finished the words yesterday? 

Later that night, we were both on the bed and got intimate. I don't really remember how it started. We kissed and caressed each other. We moved it to the bathroom and continued rinsing our bodies. She asked me to lie down on the floor. She did and I sat besides her. I touched her and made her come. There were red spots on my finger, she was ashamed. It's the first time that I've seen her menstrual blood. 

I don't and won't have any, ever. 

Just now I feel like crying again. Is it the hormones or the feeling alone in a huge city or the pictures of Nymeria that my family keeps sending me on Whatsapp. 

This would be like the fifth time today. 

I hear voices outside of the flatmates. They are all women, the ad asked exclusively to young ladies. Maybe that has something to do as well. I feel scared of going outside, I feel vulnerable. They are like 5. Will they accept me or see me as one? 

Catherine cried when she read the page I wrote for her in the notebook she bought. Yesterday she wrote one for me in the notebook she gave me. I haven't read it. I'm a little scared. 

We woke up early today. She asked me to stay asleep and in bed. Before I went to the shower she touched me and pleasured me. The orgasms I experience are way different. 

We got ready and checked out of the hotel. Did we ask for an uber or did we take the metro? No, we used the metro. We walked here and I came up to leave my backpack and bag and then returned downstairs with her. 

No, we didn't take the metro, we used an uber, but why? We told him to continue the street until the end. No, no, that was before, when I brought the big suitcase. This time we did use the metro while I had my backpack and the bag. Again we used the women only wagons and nobody said a thing. 

From here we walked to the metro and returned to the hotel, but instead of getting in, we came down the Museum of Bellas Artes and walked to the Latinamerican tower. We made several stops in different shops and didn't even climbed the tower. 

We ate outside the metro, an order of 5 tacos and half of another each. 

The walk from Bellas Artes to the hotel, took us time enough to pick up her suitcase and order a uber to the airport. She did her check in and dropped her bag. We went to wings and ordered a soup each and some fries. We chatted and laughed. Did we cry there? Yes, a little. 

From there we stopped at the bathroom. It was way too embarrassing for me and she does not know what happened. We waited in line to use the toilet. Two people were occupying two of the four stalls, the third was being cleaned and the fourth was the one who kept getting vacant and occupied. Catherine went and the cleaning lady finished with the stall and invited me in. I sat and peed. I shat, too. I had no intention of doing it, but it happened. I sat up and looked for the mechanism, the button or stick or whatever to flush. I thought it was a motion sensor. I put down the lid and as I walked out I heard a flushing sound assuming that it was mine. 

When I got out, another lady got in. I was washing my hands when the stall opened and the lady asked how to flush it. I felt my face reddening and wanted to get swallowed by the earth. 

I waited with Catherine for a little while outside the entrance of security. We cried there just as we did last night when we hugged. Just as I am doing right now. 

I took the metro alone for the first time here. In Copilco I went to the other side to Walmart instead of coming directly here. The walk is a kilometer approximately. I bought groceries, 600 hundred pesos worth of groceries and walked back with them a kilometer and a half with what easily could had been 4 or 5 kilos of stuff. 

I have some things to do, Paola gave us some stuff to do with the work for the association. I could do it now, but I guess I will wait until tomorrow in the library. 

I might take Catherine's advice and go to the library. It might be good being outside and not hiding in this room. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-10
Words:   813
Minutes: 26

It seems that I forgot to do my words yesterday. I've been getting accustomed to the city life. I used to live in a city before as well. But the size is way different. How big is this city? It's not about its size, it's its population. I am always surrounded by people. Even in this house, in just this floor, there are easily other 6 girls, maybe more. 

The washing machine is not working, it won't be fixed until next wednesday. The landlady offered to take my dirty clothes to her sister's laundry. I accepted. Just today I left the plastic bag of my clothes downstairs next to the washing machine. 

This morning I slept and slept. I didn't want to get up. Now is more correct the expression getting down. My bed is sustained over the floor, I have to climb down a set of steps. A wooden-made ladder of four steps, where the second is loose. The sound of the mrs asking if she could clean the rooms. I got down in a hurry and made myself look presentable. She didn't knock on my door. 

Yesterday I had planned on going to the bank or taking my pictures for the certificate of the english language I have to approve if I pass the first round of testing to the psych master. I did both. I showered and wore the white blouse that I bought yesterday at wal-mart. 

I took a plastic bag with my shaving soap, brush, and razor and wrapped it around the towel. Since a couple of days ago I started going to the shower without any underwear. I can easily put the clothes over the door and put them on again after I finish. Then, I think it was yesterday, I saw one of the girls getting out of her room with a towel wrapped around her waist and a blouse on top. Maybe I could do that. It is easier to keep the towel over just half of my body than completely. 

I have two days to write about and I can't even reach half of today's quota. 

Yesterday I did study. I took the red notebook and wrote in it. I read about scientific notation and logarithms. It was more exciting than making the plan of the workshop for the trans ladies. 

Just now I was texting Catherine how I wish I could start the process of changing my birth certificate. The only thing that I have left is the prove of home address. I guess it's not really necessary to have my ID stating my home here as well. 

I read a post about a Baja Californian man who did the procedure with the T-squad, the association that offered the apartment. I could contact them if there's any issue with the prove of address. 

The plan is to start it after doing the other exam. 

I have to inscribe myself into the language one. I needed to pay for it in the bank. I did it. After I showered I left and walked south to the university, looking for a place to print the bank order. I guessed there could be something inside the campus, but I didn't find it. I went to UNAM store. 

When I showered, the razor slipped and broke. I don't have my double edged razor anymore. How could I shave? I went to my room and shave my face with some moisturizing cream. The results were acceptable. I put some little make up to hide the shadow. In the mart I bought a spray for my feet and shaving cream and salt. There was a bank inside but I decided against getting in without the printed order. 

Outside, before taking the metro I got to a picture place. The man gendered me female. I guess. He addressed me as a girl. But now that I think about it, when he asked for a name and heard mine he made a sound and a face as in confirming a theory. 

Here I don't know if people address me as a female because I am seen as one or because of politeness. 

I walked to Wal-mart again, but this time I went to the bank. Inside, the man who gives you the ticket told me that for the deposit I could ask his partner to help me. I told him that the paper clearly stated that it wasn't accepted the atms, but he insisted. I waited and finally the lady that helped me agreed with me. 

I made the deposit, the bank teller behind the window treated me nicely. She apologized after saying my name outloud. I don't know because she realized it was a man name or because she said my last name wrong. 

I went to the library to study, but I don't think I'll do it again soon. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-11
Words:   792
Minutes: 15

Days keep going as fast as ever. They are way faster. It's been more than a week since I came here. This will be my second weekend, my first one alone. I didn't realize it until yesterday when I asked at the photo center their open hours and he specified for the weekend. It's just a couple of days that I've been renting here. Yesterday I left the plastic bag for the mrs downstairs. Late in the evening I saw it still. I kept studying after returning from the failed attempt at the library. 

I woke up with the explicit intention of spending most of the day studying. I prepared myself breakfast, using the stove for the first time. I scrambled two eggs with tomato and onions. Was it before or after showering? I shower and put on the long sleeved blue shirt. I know it looks masculine, but I put it on on purpose. That way I could avoid going out and spending any more money. It didn't work. There wasn't no cups for coffee nor tea here. They have drunk but I guess each have their own. 

In the shower the mrs showed a room to a girl with a man. The young woman asked questions, the mrs answered them, there are a couple of girls here, some study veterinary, others psychology, she thinks. "So there are only women, then?" "Yeah..." Meanwhile I was naked in the shower cubicle trying to shave my beard with a disposable razor. 

So I put on my purse without any makeup and  went downstairs. There was Rosa there, the mrs, she wanted to tell me something. 

First, when I slide the door one of the wood pieces fell and made a sound. "What happened?" ... "There was a sound as if something had fallen". I said nothing. Then she told me... The bag of clothes. Don't I have more? There are just so little. It wouldn't be enough for a single load. Something about the many liters of water that are used, and then again after rinsing. 

"No se si te puedes esperar a traer unos dos pantalones mas, no seas malito..." Did she notice my face? Did I make any? Did I notice it or it was her reaction that reassured me? She hit lightly her forehead and apologized. "I have to get used to it". 

Used to what? The only time she has seen me as a man or even known my name is in the picture of the id I gave her. 

I took the opportunity and asked her about proof of address. She told me there was a mailbox next to the washing board outside with different bills by the names of her, her husband and her daughter. I could grab and use any of them. 

"There is something, though. The names don't match." She reassured me that the girls, or people in general have used them without having any issues "it's just for the university". 

"But that is it, this doesn't have to do with the university but with the civil registry" 

She told me to just say that I'm staying with some friends, but I know it won't do it. 

I just went outside and walked to Wal-mart, again, to buy a cup. In there I bought chorizo, too, and on my way back a kilo of tortillas. I ate that as a meal, potatoes with chorizo and two of them. It's weird. When I lived alone years ago, tortillas were a prized possession. Now they are some of the cheapest foods I can get. 

Returning she told me that she had taken my clothes with some sheets. I hung them outside. 

I've been studying. I have reviewed a little more than half of the themes. Most of them are things I already know, so it's not a fair metric. 

I knew about the proof of address. So I sent the message again. This time I got a better and more complete answer. She gave me her number. I called her. Her voice took me by surprise. In her pictures I even doubted she were trans herself. 

She told me that there is no problem if the proof of address has a different name than mine. I just need a copy of their id and a simple letter stating that the person is renting me: "put that they've been doing it for the last three months", and that would be it. Doing it with her I won't need an appointment. The process will take around two hours and by the end of it I'll be leaving with my pre-certificate. 

Two weeks later, I can pick up the real thing. 

Will they accept giving me a copy of id? 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-12
Words:   2160
Minutes: 0

Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater Cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-13
Words:   811
Minutes: 19

I keep studying. The themes keep getting fewer and shorter. This might not be such an impossible test after all. Now I am lying over my bed with the laptop where the pillow should be. Studying gets tiring. 

I made myself breakfast, eggs with tortilla pieces and tomato. For eating I made myself a sandwich and a bag of instant soup. I've been getting nervous about the food. I don't really get why. I guess I have enough for maybe this week. Easily for half of it. Money is not an issue either. My dad sent me another email where he deposited 1000 pesos in my account. When I checked the account online, it seemed that I have more than 6 thousand. The balance was of 5 but had another thousand in the frozen balance. Later it would adjust with the withdraws I did these week, but still, it's more than I thought I had. 

I can go to Wal mart and get some more food. I have bought every of the non consumable items I need. My suitcase will do for a basket of dirty laundry. This week I have nothing to do but get ready for the test of next monday. 

That's not true. I had an appointment today. I was supposed to get in Skype and attend the meeting with the girls of the association. I was all done and ready, but it was postponed because Rubi, the director, is sick and had to left for home. 

Tomorrow at 3pm in pacific time. 

6 days of studying and I will go to make that exam. 

I sent a text message to my dr, the endocrinologist. Two or three weeks ago I checked my T levels and awaited for the setting of the next appointment. Time passed and I'm here. I don't know when does he expects to see me. I don't know when will I return. In the text I remind him that I don't know when will the next appointment be and that I am already in the capital. So I wish when to expect it so I can organize my time. 

I don't know if he answered. I sent it around noon. The last time I checked it was still unanswered. 

I opened Facebook and thought about posting the picture of Nymi looking out of the front window. I typed the perfect description, an open letter to her: Nymi, yes, that's my car but I'm not home. I don't know how to explain to you that I won't be coming tonight. 

I didn't post it and yet I had tears running down my face. 

I miss her a lot. 

There was a post in Facebook today, in the group of Trans people. Someone gave advice to anyone just to do the process of change of papers. If the address in the id is not the same of the one in the proof of address, then the owner of the house has to make a letter stating that the person does live there and adjunct a copy of their id. 

It's kind of what Daniela told me over the phone. It should be easier. It's a simpler reason of explaining. Why am I still nervous? 

It's just asking. I won't loose anything. Even if they say they can't, I can contact the other association. There are still options. 

I don't know what has happened with L. 

I don't remember the day that was mentioned for their family session. How was it? How will it be, if it hasn't happened? 

Are they feeling alone? Do they miss me? 

Do all of my family? 

My mother mentioned the other time how my grandma got up to made me breakfast. It was a fun bittersweet intention what drove my mom to share it, but it left a sour taste in both our mouths, Catherine and mine. 

I should be getting down from the bed and continue with the studying session. I'm half over biology and just to start bio-chemistry. After both of those is familiar and known territory. 

One week before the test. The day after tomorrow I can choose a group and date for taking the other test of english. Then it would be just wait until the second week of March, and either do the second test or wait for the last few days to the last news. 

How much will I stay here? Maybe I won't pass neither of the tests and after finishing the procedure I can get back home. Maybe the dr asks me to return to see him and adjust the dosage. Maybe I pass both of the tests and have to stay here until the start of the semester. 

I don't know. 

First I should get the courage to go downstairs and ask for that proof and a copy of id and signature. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-14
Words:   0
Minutes: 0



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-15
Words:   759
Minutes: 20

I don't remember if I did yesterday's words... 
 It's weird, I have more time than ever. Justo today I finished both the new episodes I downloaded of the TV series I binged in Netflix and the themes of the guide for the test of the master. 

Yesterday the woman didn't returned much call. I sent her a text to call me, but she didn't. Today I expected both her answer and the endocrinologist. Neither of them. 

Catherine doesn't have a phone either. The screen of her iPhone is not responding so we're burdened to talk on Facebook. 

It was yesterday that I sent a friend request to Zuri. The girl I had a crush on in middle school. I remember the weird sensation of both remembering my naive infatuation of yeas before, and being really happy in a relationship with another girl while she sent me a message to tell me that she had just thought about the gift I sent her and how I called her princess.

Not much later, she got a boyfriend or the one she had became serious. And then, some time later, she got pregnant. 

I don't really know the reason why I sent her the request. Did I want her to accept me? Was I expecting her to recognize me? 

When I asked the landlady for the papers she kept misgendering me. When I went outside to ask for the copies, I felt the people's eyes on me as I walked. 

I feel vulnerable and alone. I feel tiny in this huge city. 

I'm surrounded of people. Thousands, millions of them who pass me by, and glance at my body or face. 

Catherine told me to give the woman today to call back. Tomorrow I could call her again. 

I thought of when I called her. She was busy and just told me to meet her at Salto del agua the next day. What? 

She confused me with somebody else. 

Today I sent her a message through Facebook. She saw it almost immediately. She told me to call her. I did. 

I'll meet her the day after tomorrow at 9 and a half. "we have to be there early because that's the time the lady that helps us gets in. We should get all the papers in order before the judge arrives, she's the one that lets me pass all of you without an appointment."

I am both excited and terrified. This is why I came here. I'm going to do what at some time I saw so so far away. I even kind of see it as a reward after getting into the master program. I'll be doing it before even doing the first test. 

They will probably keep my ID. The people at the university ask for a legal ID at the entrance. Fortunately u brought my passport. I have short hair and a shade of black beard. I look nothing like that. 

I hope there won't be any problem. This time I won't have Catherine by my side. 

Should I tell my parents or wait until I have the pre-certificate? Why don't I want to mention it? Of what am I scared? 

My mom sent me a text today, calling me sofy and asking how I've been. I told her good and studying. It might had sounded rude, but I honestly haven't done anything else. 

I chatted a little with two of the girls. One, Lucy, the one that touched my hair because it was pretty, is studying anthropology at the University. She is starting. 

The other, one of the group of girls, Sinaid, I think is how she's called, is doing her internship at an animal's hospital. They are veterinaries. They have a month here and will stay just two more. 

She did mention my accent. I do sound different. Should I assume that they know about me? 

Today I neither shaved nor showered. It might be the symptoms of depression or just the trying of not dirtying more clothes. 

Tomorrow I will go for groceries and to get the copies I lack. 

Friday I'll go to the civil registry, Monday I have to get up even more early to leave for my test. Tuesday I will have to have finished the project of the association because is the potential day of giving the program. I told them I could be online but I really wish I won't be able to. 

I like working for them, being a volunteer. Maybe being a teacher is not what I'm best for. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2017-02-23
Words:   0
Minutes: 0



