------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-01
Words:   1084
Minutes: 20

I didn't realize a new month had just begun. 

In the morning I woke up after last night filled with sorrow and tiredness. I slept an hour after finishing the words and woke up an hour shy of midnight. There was a message in the screen of my phone. "Aay, you really are such a woman n.n", said jhonny. Did I open it or was it just the notification? 

I know there was no obvious emotion that surfaced. A smile appeared on my face and the huge and dark cloud of sadness became lighter.  

A woman. such a woman. He was surprised, like, amazed. I felt validated. He saw me with eyes teary and puffy and my the tears barely dry on my cheeks. 

So I fell asleep. Today I would have to say to my parents about tomorrow's plans. I'm still stressed about that. How will I leave home? It's all set with Anahi and his brother. He can take us to our homes for 100 pesos. My trip home is done. But how will I get there? Today was it, I think, when Catherine told me she could order a uber for getting to the plaza and picking me up here. Sure, that's another solution. And yet, the main problems stays unsolved. I will have to change here, I will have to get dressed and made up and stand in the living room and call my leaving and seeing them to their faces. 

Am I scared of their eyes? Am I scared of their emotions and thoughts or am I scared of their words? 

For months I've been scared of Luis reaction, his answer. 

He came just a little after I woke up to tell my, ask me if I could pick him up from school at 1 o'clock. The whole morning I stayed doing nothing. I took up and went to the living room. I guess I watched some tv. I haven't picked up the book. I actually liked it, why haven't I returned? 

I made breakfast for myself. The english muffins I bought were supposed to be eaten before Miguel's birthday. The house was alone. I found a thin black belt that I could wear with the dress instead of the black one. 

Now in the afternoon, after my parents came from taking Miguel to the billiards and bringing food. My mother asked something about the dishes. Why haven't anyone done them. I said that I did them the last time. She took it as if I said it was her turn. "What is it that you've done all week?... You are not doing anything. I am working the whole day, it's so tiring because these days" bla bla bla. I was hurt. I wanted to say something about tomorrow and after that I kept my mouth shut. She hit Luis in the back and he said it hurt. She kept at it and joked that she was giving him a massage, like denying guilt, acting playfully. Luis kept on explaining something about a bone or something, and she started saying how delicate he was, in this loud voice as if the joke was shared. I, annoyed by the early comments, killed her playfulness: 

"Don't scream, I can't hear the tv". She did shut. He face dimmed subtly into seriousness while she grab her things. She walked upstairs, and both of us, I imagine, felt shitty. 

I was going to pick him up. If I leave the house tomorrow dressed, I will have to face most of them. So, everyone had to know by tomorrow. I could tell Luis in the way back after picking him up. I imagined it. Rehearsed it in my head. Played with the words and arranged them. 

Later, whe sent me a text message asking if I could pick him up an hour later. Later, my dad would sent me another one telling me that Luis would ask me to drive him to a friend's house, to confirm him after I took him there and he would pick him up in the evening. 

Everything was ruined. I could not say anything if I was just a ride. How would he deal with everything just before going to this other house? 

I parked and entered the school asking for him. I entered and there were two men sitting in a couch just ahead of the hall. The principal faced and asked Rossy if they said that someone would pick Luis up. I had my eyes hidden in the shades. Rossy recognized my voice and told him yes. 

"Yeah, his mother said his, uh... " he looked at me for a moment and then said doubtfully, "brother... would be here"  

After he got into the car, I waited for him to tell me about this other house. He didn't so I asked. No, it was cancelled.

I felt this nervousness. The words getting stuck in my throat. I made the first attempt asking if he have seen me any different. It was before entering the fast lane. I didn't say anything again until we were exiting it. 

"Remember how you've been asking me about trans people? I am trans myself." 

"Really?" 

"Yeah" "But... how?" 

"I was a girl before and turned into a boy before you were born". I looked at him, but not enough to see if he believed me or not. "No, I'm joking... the other way around. I'm turning into a girl." 

I explained, how I've been going to the doctor and taking blood tests and the pills I take are hormones. "But isn't the testosterone stronger?" "Yeah, but the other pills I take block it". 

"Oh, it's fine." "It's ok" "I've always wanted a sister". 

He took it as if I had just told him I decided to change majors. 

Am I relieved? Nothing of which I feared happen. The only one in this house that doesn't know yet is Miguel. 

Luis was clueless. Or at least that was he said. I asked him about the make up or the clothes. He denied noticing. The questions? It's just because they don't appear in the books. The make up? Just lipstick once... 

And that was it. 

He knows even more than my parents. He knows the name, he has seen pictures. He knows me now, more than my whole family. He kept being close, with me, in my room, playing and joking as if nothing had happened. 

There is still tomorrow to deal with. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-02
Words:   860
Minutes: 15

The tickers for Pride in two weeks are now printed. They were the first impressions of the new printer that just came up in the mail. Finally Miguel accused me of being the one who disconnected the other printer and making it break again. He said in the Denny's dinner when they were talking about Luis. "Who are you saying disconnected it? It wasn't him. It was Ivan." 

Nobody said anything else. 

We were to the United States. We've return. Now Catherine might be getting ready. I should be doing the same. In two hours she will be on the way to pick me up. I was supposed to tell my parents, tell them ahead, give them notice, that I would be leaving the house in a dress, I'd be going outside in femme mode, I would be out at night as a woman. 

I'm scared, I'm nervous, I feel guilty and ashamed. I didn't tell them. I don't know if I will. 

Fortunately the living room is empty. There is just Luis in there with his ipad. My dad is shoeless lying n bed watching his shows. My mother will stay in her desk working on the countless things she has to do. Miguel might come down or stay in his room. 

If everything keeps itself the way it is, I might be ok. 

If not, the most probable thing is I'll be seen. I might be questioned, they might be stunned or surprised. Is that the way it should be done? It's nothing wrong. I'm not doing something forbidden. I'm in all my rights of leaving the house how I please. I should not be worrying about telling them, asking for their permission. Even in Denny's in a silly attempt of getting the conversation flowing I told them Catherine would be picking me up by 8. My mother asked if today and kept her sight on me. My dad asked her why, what was she going to say? Nothing, it was the way I said it, as if I were asking for her permission or acceptance. 

Then they're not expecting me of saying anything. 

We picked the printer and ate breakfast. We went to a store for my mother to find clothes for her ceremony of closure. I tried, I actually tried going around looking at the clothes, just wandering. It was uncomfortable, I had this idea in my head of what I should be telling them, and I was afraid of them noticing my anxiety, what was I hiding? Why was I shaking and distant and quiet? 

I couldn't. My mother looked for shoes. And I wandered, too. I looked at the flats and the boots. They were expensive, more than I'd be even capable of asking for. I found it hard for asking my dad for the 3o dollars of the payless shoes' flats. 

After leaving the mall, we stopped in Best Buy. The were going to look for the printer cartridges and Luis wanted a cable. 

Luis. He's the only one who knows I'll be leaving in a dress today. He saw the picture. "Will you be wearing the black?" 

I'm not scared of standing in front of me and asking him to tell my parents I left. 

I would even do it in front of Miguel. Miguel, who does not know. 

Why did I leave him for last? 

Was it in the dinner? Yeah, it was. It was before of the printer thing. I told them nonchalantly how I have lost the strength of my upper body. "I've no longer strength in my arms" "which one?", asked my mom. I replied that both of them and told her how I could not carry the printer in the mail and was tired of just lifting it from the carton box. 

My father looked straight at me and intervened: "Why?" 

I saw directly to his eyes when I answered: "it's because of the pills" 

Just that sentence, that was enough for everyone to understand. He closed his mouth and his eyes and shook his head slowly, dripping disappointment. I felt like crying. No, I was upset. I felt a little anger. I'm opening up. I'm telling you, sharing. You're dismissive. How do you want me to come to you? How do you forbid me to claim I'm alone? 

Before entering the best buy I went my own way to the payless shoes. I entered and went directly to that part. I tried a couple of them. The clerk passed besides me and said hi. 

I left without buying anything, he said good bye. 

When we were to target, I asked my dad for 30 dollars to go to the store while they were in Target. He acceded and gave me two 20 bills. 

I went and tried them again, although I've done it countless times. 

I bought them. The lady asked nothing and said nothing. She smiled and was kind. I did it. I did not tell anyone. 

And here I am, typing although I've gotten to the goal. I'm scared of getting ready, I'm scared of going upstairs, and leaving. 

I am afraid and scared. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-03
Words:   798
Minutes: 29

Yesterday I could leave the room. I heard steps and the sound of the microwave. My father was downstairs. Someone was playing Xbox, I thought it was Miguel, but later heard their voices. Catherine had left her home, she was on her way. I waited for my father to go upstairs, to leave. I could just tell Luis that I'd be leaving and to tell my parents I was gone. 

It never happened. She was closer and closer. She got to the 5&10, she was in the bridge. I had to leave it. I was wearing the dress with the black long sweater over it, the brown shoes barely covered my feet, the rest of my legs were bare to the end of the skirt. My face was pale and my lips were red. The purse was hanging from my shoulder and the keys jingled in my hand with every step. 

It was time. My heart was racing. I had to do it, so I did it. I opened the door and saw him sitting in the table. Luis was in the couch with the controller in his hands. I didn't stop from my door to the front one. His eyes met mine on the way but his expression stayed the same. "Have they come to pick you up?" "Yeah, they're here", I mumbled with the words as nervously as I kept walking. 

"Bye, Ivan", said Luis even though he knows now my name. I didn't mind. My father doesn't. I don't think he does. 

After exiting the door, I was relieved. It was no more than 3 minutes what I waited before I saw the lights from the Jetta that picked me up. I sat in the back seat with Catherine and explained what had happened with my father and Luis, and how I had told him and bought my shoes. She started telling me about the conversation with Andie. She knows now. I added her on Facebook and started a conversation. 

We talked in the morning and later now in the afternoon. I spent most of the evening talking with Melissa. She knows, too. 

We started talking about her job and service, her work with her patients and all that. After that, she asked me about my life, outside of the work things. And I took the opportunity. I am trans, and kept explaining. She had seen the profile. She remembered I had no sisters. I never spoke about one. She put two and two together. It made sense. She took my offer of asking any questions and we talked about lots of things. She disclosed me some intimate things, too. She's never had a relationship, she's never had sex either. She doubted of her sexuality for a while. 

"The curious thing is that you look good as a woman and as a man. I commented it to Anna, and she knew it, too. (It was the same way.)

So now two more people, know. Three if I count Anna. I sent a friend request to Johanna, another to Anna. I considered sending them to all the people who know about me. It was the starting idea. I could add Garab, too. I stopped it there. I thought about the other people that were missing. Luis, my parents, Monica. 

Do I want to add her? Do I want her to accept me or not? 

I stopped. 

In the other profile, I added Zayra and Maru. One of them accepted me already. I want them to know my change. I want them to hear my news. Every person I've told has received the news cordially and amicable. Everyone has been nice and supportive. All but one. She was the first to know, it wasn't immediately. It took time. She loved me, more than anyone but Catherine. Maybe that's another factor. 

All but Miguel knows in my house. Just Luis knows my name. If they know will I ask them to change the way the call me? Do I want them to? 

My father said nothing, is he denying it? He's not making any comments, it was as if nothing had happened. Did he see me? Did he tell my mother? 

I have the message ready to send to Miguel. It's fine that I send one. I don't dare to do it in person. Lots of people have seen the profile. The list of suggested people has grown. Now there's Monica and him. There is Medrano and Consuela. There are a lot of new faces. 

When I was a child I discovered something that seems simple and obvious enough but to my it was a profound and significative learning. If I'm seeing somebody, it's almost sure that they can see me back, too. 

I'll send it to him. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-04
Words:   756
Minutes: 25

My head hurts. Luis is right besides me talking. He is talking with me. Miguel is in the dinning room watching the Captain America movie that I was watching. Why do I feel weird? 

Yesterday I sent  him the message. I was here in this room typing the words, he was outside doing his homework or something. Did I send them before or after going to bed? 

Luis doesn't know. Or maybe he does. 

I didn't wait to read his answer. I closed the messenger and chatted with Catherine. 

Right now I can't stop, uh... what's the word for when you open your mouth and inhale profusely because of tiredness? I can't remember it. The pulsing ache in my heads is just between my eyes. 

I kept looking for the little ball with his face to appear under the message signaling he had read it. I didn't stay. After a while I entered and exited. I saw it finally and closed it faster than other times. Catherine was as nervous as I, or even a little more. Was it today or yesterday when she cried because of the frustration of not being able to tell her father? 

He asked her today: "Why doesn't that Ivan come anymore?" Her heart raced. She stayed silent. 

Miguel did answer. It took him a couple of minutes but he answered back. I was not ready to read him. I had to wait. I fell asleep and dreamed about a school or something. There were deaths in the dream. I woke up in the early morning and read it. It was way longer than the one I sent him. He admitted to having noted it, way long before I told my parents or even started opening up. He heard about the pills, the first ones. Maybe he heard me crying or something. He mentioned the conversation I had with my mom on the table, he just overheard but caught the idea. He knew about the subject because of reddit, tumblr and the internet. My mom did talk with him. He would wait until I were ready to open up. He used a female noun to describe me in there. 

He was understanding and caring and supporting. He noticed me before anyone. He said how he stills admires me and wants to be like me. I felt like crying, but I didn't. 

Today I sent him a friend request. He accepted in the evening. I sent one to Luis, too, but he hasn't. I was worrying about hte reason. He mentioned it first when I talked about his ipad and why he took it from my hands. "Are you sure you want me to add you?" "Why do you ask?" "Because of what you said, that it would appear to other people" 

Was he worrying about me or him? 

Could I blame him? 

Garab accepted the request, too. I even sent one to Enrique, Anahi's brother. I don't really expect him to accept me. I just wanted to send one to everyone who knows about me. I almost have. My mom and father are still left. And there will always be Monica. Her profile appears now in that place. She might see me, too. 

"I look good as a man and a woman" "You do are such a woman" 

Why can't I believe it? 

When I talked with Melissa yesterday, she confessed how she still saw me as a man, as the man she knew. 

It hurt. Of course it did. I am not one. That I have never had difficulty accepting. But I told her something I never claimed before. I am a woman. I feel like one. I don't identify as one, I am one. 

Inside, outside? 

I was not once misgendered leaving home saturday night. Everyone treated me as a girl. I looked like one. Even Anahi's mother in the way Anahi told us, asked her if we hug... as girlfriends. 

We are girlfriends. We are a lesbian couple. We're two women who love each other. 

How can I convince every one if I don't really believe it myself. If I'm not really a woman, then what am I? 

I thought about posting the status, the information, saying out loud to anyone who might hear. My grandmother came today. She rang the doorbell and hugged me. 

Will I tell her? Am I scared of her reaction? She might be understanding, she might not. 

I won't hide from her. I won't hide anymore. Not in this house, not this wednesday. 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-05
Words:   794
Minutes: 19

"Can I call you Luis-broad?" 
"No, can I call you Ivan-belly?" "No" "...Sofia-belly?" 

It wasn't uncomfortable or awkward. It was unexpected. His words had meaning and I comprehended them, and yet my mind stayed blank for a second. The silence came and he talked again. 

My grandmother gave the rings to show Catherine. One is black with silver and the other has the colors swapped. They are not ugly. I showed them to her. I put on the crimson pants and went to her. I asked her if she could slim them a little. She did, they're fine. They're not as tapered as I asked her, but it's better this way. They're ready. Just before my mother arrived and took her to the bus central. She will return to Mexicali and attend the graduation of my cousins. After that, this Thursday, I guess, will return to go to Luis' thing. 

I've already told my mother about taking Catherine. The pants are ready and I can wear them. 

This friday I'll go to the laser session. Three weeks after the last one. I believe I have two paid ones left. This one and the one in august. She didn't ask me last time about doing it when. This week I'll be very clear about being four weeks apart. 

Next week will be Pride parade. A year from the first time I wore the clothes outside. 

Luis knows, Miguel knows. My father has seen me in the dress and my mother asked me again about the effects I've experienced. 

Now that my grandma is gone, everyone in this house knows about me. Two of them know my name. Maybe my parents have seen the Facebook profile, too. Maybe. 

I feel the urge to post it. Post the thing and go public. See the number of friends grow. Accepting people, people who know, who've seen me. 

I remember when I could count the contacts with the numbers on my hands. Now it's 20. 20 people. 

I had to cancel the request to Luis and Anahi's brother. I couldn't deal with the waiting. Even the Zayra one in the other profile makes me uncomfortable. I wanted her to know. I wanted her to see the changes I've gone through. Did I wrote it in the mails I sent her? The biographies of both Psychotherapy and Tanathology. 

There is another urge that I don't dare to mention with Catherine. I added Luis and Enrique because both of them knew about me. There was that other person. Why do I feel the need to send the request? It's not that I really want her friendship. I want her to see me. I want her to see the name and recognize the history. I met her and told her she looked like her. At the beginning she feared that she would never be able to live to Sofia's standards, to fulfill her role, fill her shoes. 

How ironic and tragic that she was right. 

I want her to see the picture and see the other ones and notice how I've changed. I want her to think that I am almost unrecognizable, that I am nothing like the man everyone thought I was. 

I don't have to add every person who knows about me. Vania, the friend of Catherine's she met today, knows me, too. I didn't think about adding her. My parents stay unconnected from this new profile. They haven't even heard the name. 

Vania asked about me, why Sofia? 

"Oh yeah, it's that she knew, even though she heard a thousand names, she was and is Sofia" 

New people referring to me in the feminine. Her, Andrea, Melissa. Even Melissa who admitted she keeps seeing me as the man she met and knew. It's the complete opposite of what I believed. I didn't want their tries, I wanted the real and honest thoughts. Why do they make me smile? 

Luis used my name and Miguel referred to me in the feminine in his answer. 

He hesitated when saying my name when he rattled about me disconnecting the printer. He didn't say "he", he stopped and then pronounced Ivan. 

No, I'm looking way too much into it. 

I don't think I'll add Monica.  

But probably I will post the message in Facebook tomorrow. I'll wait until after the session and talking with Rene about it. 

Yeah, there was no point in making it public what was the necessity of screaming it to the world? 

The three or four people that now know me since last week besides my brother had already seen the profile and recognize me through it. Lots of people must have seen it, too. 

I can just admit it and prove to myself I am not ashamed anymore. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-06
Words:   763
Minutes: 31

I spent the night with her, like before. The guilt of a forbidden relationship was with me when we drove the school. We met Catherine. The class started and shit happened. We met outside and drove again, this time the three of us in the same car. We stopped outside my old house in Otay. She had vomit on her mouth and was unconscious. I wanted to wake her up so I called her name. "Mona" I said, "Mona"... But she wasn't Monica, she was Xennia. 

In the house my father received us Luis and Miguel way younger than they are before. I knew I was in a dream and realized the unfamiliarity and nostalgia that seeing that place again woke up in me. When I saw the differences in everywhere and the animals I decided to wake up. 

I got up from bed early in the morning. I heard my mother leave the house. I ate breakfast. Did I cook something or was it a bowl of cereal? None. I made myself a sandwich. It was more than I wanted and yet I finished. I didn't eat again until late in the afternoon when my mom came back with Chinese food from the River Plaza. 

I showered and changed for therapy. I had no reason to hide anymore. I put on woman's jeans and a girl's blouse. I applied make up and thought I looked fine. The sunscreen burned the skin around my nose.  Is it the changes in my skin, is it burn because of the sun or a reaction from the make up? I know there are changes, but why can't I see them? 

I keep looking at the pictures of this saturday. There is a video where I am making faces at the camera besides Catherine. My face looks fine, my shoulders seem pale in the contrast with the fabric of the dress, the width of it makes them seem not as broad. We smile while this song plays in the background. The video lasts less than 5 seconds. 

There are not many photos of me and I don't like most of them. 

I left home an hour early because of the traffic. I was wearing a brown and loose shirt of Miguel. I parked where I usually do, in front of the elementary school where some girls saw me and Catherine walking from the Alitas restaurant and called us to say to the camera. It was empty again. I walked confidently. I don't feel nervous anymore. I was wearing the brown flats I bought last week. 

When I passed the little cart that sells fruit and beverages he called to me "What can I offer you, [male] friend?". It was like a stab in the gut. I kept walking ignoring him. The reflection from the mirror in the building caught my attention and tried to console me as if it were saying: "look at me, look, you look fine". 

I kept walking but my confidence stayed with the dirty fruits and melted ice. 

In therapy I talked about last week. It started with the traffic and the closure of roads. Then I started with the lack of comments from my mother seeing me in her school. Luis and Miguel know about me and I narrated how I told them. Saturday I tried to tell both of my parents I intended to wear a dress. I wore it and my father saw me. I talked about Monica and why I feel the obsession of sending the friend request as if I want her to see me and notice how I have changed. 

I talked about Catherine and how it hurts she hasn't changed. Ivan is still her boyfriend and her father waits for him. I want to publish the notice of my changes. I want to tell all my contacts that Ivan is gone, that I'm not him, I'm me. I want them to know I'm not the same, I'm not who they think. I want them to forget I ever was like that. I want them to come and accept me, to see their support and stop feeling alone. 

Rene didn't say anything but I could sense he's not a fan of the idea. Earlier sessions he has made the comment about the difficulties I'll face and I should not rush into things. But it hurst being hidden. It's excruciating knowing I'm in the mouths of others, they see me in a dress but they see him and talk of him and miss him. 

Who cares about me? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-07
Words:   776
Minutes: 19

I feel full, my stomach is filled with food. I ate the sandwich in the friday's, the restaurant that my family always chooses. Outside my room is my mother making a preachment about why she wants Luis to read his speech for her so she can record him and post it on Facebook. I, in his place, would hate that. I would hate my grandmother making the same questions over and over: "did you threw the paper of the speech? Did you? Uh? Did you threw it, son? Huh?" 

Anyway, I am not in his place. I passed all that. My childhood is over. I'm no longer a child, a boy. Am I a woman, now? Was I ever a man? 

The music is playing from the speakers. After finishing the words I'll change clothes and try doing the exercise. Today the cycles are shorter, but they're three now. 

It was Luis graduation. Since long before today I knew I'd wear man's clothes. The plan was that I'd pick Catherine a little before 3 and we would meet them later in the school. It was all set. I was upset about the clothes I would wear. I hate them. I hate the idea of being seen as a man. I feel them like a disguise. I look disguised wearing something else. 

Before showering and dressing myself, I asked my mother about what would happen today. She was getting ready for going to school. "At what time will you leave?" "After four" "How will you do it with Luis and everyone?" "I guess they will go with you" 

Nobody said anything to me. I would have to accommodate myself to their plans. I was angry. I let it go. 

In the restaurant she was saying something to my grandmother. Something about someone being un a bad mood. I asked about who. They didn't answer and made me realize I was the subject of their conversation. She started talking about today how I answered angrily to her when she asked me to take them. I couldn't take it. I opened up and told her my mind. I explained she didn't ask me but told me. It was because I asked her directly, had I not come to her, I would never knew. 

I feel the waist of the pants constricting my stomach. I can hear my mother words to Luis behind the camera. 

He won first prize from his group in both his normal classes and english class. He is the smartest one in there. He's like me, I'm proud. 

"Tell me what are you expressing". 


What is it that makes me mad about my mother's pictures? I know it's seeing myself in there, I know it's my grandmothers annoying insistence. But the artificiality of it. Repeating something for a fake memory. Seeing the set up for a void picture or video. I don't mind anybody taking pictures spontaneously about the things I do or happen. Is the asking me to repeat them, to fake them. The music the white paper behind, they insisting so they can share it to people who don't care. 

I told Catherine I had the idea of changing therapists. No, it wasn't changing what I thought. It was leaving him. The reason I told her was that his doubts are worse than mine. "It will be hard, it will be complicated. I've told you. Don't rush things" 

I had the initiative, the idea. I wanted to open up and tell everybody. He looked at me with a face of doubt and uncertainty. The worse could happen out of it. I need help and support. His doubts are not even free. Why should I pay somebody for having worse expectations than me? He gives me the idea of reluctancy out of my transition. Am I projecting my own uncertainty and doubts into him? 

I don't want to go back to how I looked. The changes are minimal and barely noticeable to others beside me, and yet thinking about suspending the hormones and going back makes me afraid. 

Everybody but my grandma knows. Everybody keeps calling me and referring me in the same way. I want to change this situation and then I think about telling everybody else. 

I asked Catherine about what would she do in my place. She told me the same thing. She'd do it. Maybe she would say something before to her family. 

After two or three takes, my mother is still angry. She tells him to go.  I want to stand up and tell them to shut up. It's his right. I would not want it anyway. 

Go fuck yourselves. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-08
Words:   776
Minutes: 21

A white sheet was floating in front of the open window. An illusion made by the current of wind, I thought. Its moves were elegant and rhythmic. It floated there, dancing in the empty air. A musical ghost. It died and fell to the floor as if someone had flicked the switch cutting its life support. The air must had stopped. Suddenly it revived and kept dancing a little far from its starting position. It moved faster and more energetic. The distance between us was getting shorter. It wasn't the air. 

In another scene I remembered reading my mother's notes about the incident. As if I were her subject of study she narrated my reaction and behavior upon the sheets dancing, death and resurrection. She narrated in the feminine, though. 

Another different scene after that one we were in the same room, sharing the same bed. I was lying with my head upon her lap. Her fingers caressed softly the insides of my curls. A soft voice sang to me in a musicality completely unfamiliar to my past. Her words were those of a lullaby sang filled with love from a mother's care to her daughter. 

When I woke up I wasn't happy nor satisfied nor content. It wasn't love I felt nor care. Not even unreal or fantastic. I felt sorrow. Misery brought to me from my own unconscious desires and lacks. 

I drove Luis to his school, his last party or reunion or whatever it was. He knows about me and that just makes it worse. Every Ivan burns as those scorching pinpricks of laser that make me flinch when the laser hits my face. 

Today was the fourth session. After leaving him in school I drove myself to the place. In there, an unknown girl welcomed me. She didn't say nothing about the sunscreen nor my time from shaving. She told me I had finished with my paid sessions but I stayed quiet. This time was even shorter. I had forgotten to take the ibuprofen to mute the penetrating pulses of pain. It's supposed to be lower every session. The one before it's the one that has hurt the most. She warned me with an explanation that if I felt hotter or a little more painful it was because she upped the intensity so it would be quicker and more effective. 

This time the machine don't stop a single time. It was a continue set of flashes and light and pain. It was over before I realized. The redness and swelling was more noticeable than other times, although it faded mostly by the time I got home. Miguel was already there. When we were eating he made some comments and jokes. It was like a try of getting closer, reaching for me. 

Why do I feel the most distant I've ever felt to everybody? 

I have this dark somberness inside of me. An ill mood that makes me just wish to crawl to bed and turn off al lights. I have things to wait for. Next week will be the pride parade. After that, 2 weeks later I'll be in another session of laser and then two after that I'll see the endocrinologist. 

And then, just more waiting. Waiting to talk with my family, waiting to dare to send the message to Liliana, waiting for the medicines to bring me more obvious changes, waiting to reconcile with the reflection of the mirror, waiting for time to pass by and let me escape and be free. 

I've run out of words and things to say and the counter is still low. I'm tired. I weighted more than the initial weight I had in the first session with the endocrinologist. I did the exercises of today. I did yesterday's after Luis' dinner in the Friday's. 

My grandma called me daughter when she asked about my mom. She corrected herself almost instantly. She messes our names all the time, that she was thinking about my mother must not mean anything. 

She hasn't returned from her school. After her turns she went to a meeting or reunion or party of hers. This one is in the house of her old principal. 

50 more words and I can finish. I have no plans for the weekend. I should not waste money. I should keep it safe and unspent. I'll need it this weekend. Will my grandmother stay here? Has she noticed me? 

Catherine told me today my ill sentiments towards her are obvious. Has she noted them? 

Do I push her away from the fear of telling her and being rejected? 

Is that what I do with everyone? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-09
Words:   796
Minutes: 18

I just ate and have no energy for doing the exercises. It's a quarter before 8 and I'm tired. I've spent most of t the day either in bed or in the couch. I slept with both my eyes open and shut. My brain has stayed both quiet and numb. 

I read another chapter of the book. It's interesting, I like it. It's not enough to caught my attention. I watched a couple of episodes of the police show in Netflix but it's just white noise that helps me pass the time. 

I think about tomorrow and next week. Another week that passed without news of Liliana. A therapy session that made me feel worse than when it started. A fourth laser session. The black spots are minimal. Three weeks after the last one. I hope it's effective. 

Just after finishing this words I might try to do the exercise, from there I'll go to bed again, try to sleep. 

Why do I want to sleep? Is it tiredness? Maybe it's just a wish for time to pass. I can't wait until I have something to do. I can't look for a job. I can, I don't want to. It's not that I don't want to work. I want to, I want to do something with my time. I don't want to send resumes with a picture of me and the name I don't want anyone to remember. How can I go to a interview dressed in a disguise hoping to be hired and asked to cut my hair, to wear the male uniform and meet several new people under an expedited name. 

Next year I can start applying to the master. Yeah, I'll have interviews and the same resume. They'll meet me with that same old name, they'll review my application, my history. I'll have to travel again and show my id various times. 

I feel hopeless and scared. I want time to pass. I wish I could change my name and papers and look normal. I wish I could be normal. 

An afternoon in an androgynous attire was enough to shit on my mood. 

My heart desires to escape, fly and run far away from here. Being somewhere else, someone else. 

Will life be different? After I have the new name and identification and a birth certificate that corroborates my story, will things get better? Will I get a job and be able to sustain myself? When I was kid I found the idea impossible. As I've been growing it gets more and more difficult to see it as something achievable. 

"Mom, don't even dig any more. The only thing that's left is that Jose Luis is my relative" 

That would explain how I'm broken. 

I hear them talking about stuff. How did people got to be? My father is now talking about the theory of evolution and he's being mocked. He is actually correct. Are they morons? 

I feel like a teenager. This familiar feeling of being buried in my own room and self-pity, hating the world and myself, and feeling as the last sensible and perceptive person of the world. I was pathetic. I am ashamed of those days. 

Why am I behaving in that same way? 

Then I couldn't imagine a future in which I could ever be happy. I created a plausible outcome of a successful future based on everybody's expectations. A wife and a house and a career and maybe kids. Being a successful man would make me eventually a happy man. 

I was wrong. I guess, I never got to be neither successful nor a man. 

I'll never be a man, and I'm fine with that. Will I get to be successful? Is it possible? 

I thought about adding Yadira in Facebook. Rene's comments made me think about being "active" and me sending the requests, waiting to be accepted or rejected. 

No, actually he said to wait. Eventually people would notice me and add me, know me and look for me. 

He, or his silence, has a point. Telling my contacts and waiting for them to add me is telling the world. Telling my close friends and far away relatives and barely acquaintances. They'll know and have a direct knowledge of where to find me and know about me. 

But is waiting more direct and active? If I add Yadira she might never accept me, or even if she does, will we talk? Will I  tell her? Will she know who am I? 

I want people to see me. I can wait for them to recognize me or look for me or I can shout in their faces. 

How can I shout if I don't even dare to whisper to the people who share a roof with me?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-10
Words:   771
Minutes: 22

Liliana called me first thing in the morning. My pits smell. I did the exercise and showered at noon. I guess the hormones have not changes my body odor yet. I went to the bathroom and put deodorant. As I took my shirt I glimpsed at my body. It's flabby and chubby. I was supposed to be losing weight. 

So Liliana called me. It was a normal call, a phone call. I answered and she told me how Karla's mother had talked to her and told her that she's been having a kind of crisis, maybe a psychotic one. 

I could had let it pass had I not applied the MMPI. Wow. Anyway, tomorrow is her session, so I could give her the results with her. She knows I wanted the both of us to review them, and she got sick and all that. 

And then, unexpectedly I had something to do. I sent her the results. I reviewed them myself and the whole day spent redacting the conclusions. Just now I've finished and sent the report to the printer. Tomorrow I'll buy a folder on the way to the office. 

Why did it lift my mood? I was like an old piece of shit, lying motionless in my bed stinking the whole bedroom. These past few days not even a conversation with Catherine could make me feel better. 

I woke up early, a little past the call. I went to the living room and lied on the couch. The edge of the phone was on my lips and my sight was resting in the ceiling. I was disappointed, Lili had called and set up the meeting and I did not tell her. Tomorrow might be an opportunity. Catherine advised me how I could just wait until she mention a new patient and then I can tell her. 

But is really that the best option? If she sends me a new patient she'll tell them my contact information, they look for me as Ivan the psychologist. I don't like introducing me that way. 

Last thursday was excruciating wearing an androgynous attire, how am I going to go tomorrow? 

The patient has not seen me in half a month. Lili a little more than that. She keeps calling me handsome boy. Do I want her to be incorrect? I wish she would see me and the compliment just doesn't fit. 

I haven't shaved since Thursday. It's been three days. I should let my stubble. Shave it Wednesday. Feel the little black hairs shedding and falling out, seeing them dead in the palms of my hands and the tips of my fingers. 

Four sessions. 

What was it that made me see the chart of hormonal changes. The only one that start before the three months are erections and libido. Both of them are totally gone. The rest start by the 6th month. I'm not even half. Why am I so desperate? 

Does Rene have a point? 

Am I rushing into things? 

Catherine said something about arranging her pictures from last year, from this one. I opened the application and reviewed some. The one where I go to Pockets and play with pool with them. I look hideous. How could I step outside looking like that? She told me how she found me really feminine in one picture. I look bloated and masculine broad face feminized in a mediocre attempt at make up. 

I see some pictures of those times and I feel nauseous and disgusted. And yet I don't dare to delete them. I like seeing them and then browsing the next ones. I see them, the one when I went to the first appointment to the endocrinologist. Even before then. I dressed in a sweater and leggings and went to a restaurant in my birthday. I was seen and referred as a woman months before even starting hormones, hours before making the appointment. Then I have the other ones closer to the date. I'm in Catherine's bed, and the pills are over her sheets and I'm smiling and excited, minutes before being freaked out and scared about the dosages. 

A couple of days later I go to the ceremony where I receive the first Scholar mention, or was it the Egel? The first month, then the second in Guadalajara, dressed as a boy and later that day, still with male clothes look androgynous enough to be seen as a woman. 

Today Johanna liked three of my pictures in Facebook. She got into my profile. 

I had given up on her. 

I gave up on her and she came back. 

She came back. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-11
Words:   788
Minutes: 18

I had the session, the last one with the last patient. We sat in a room the four of us, Liliana by my side and the patient and her mother in front of us. I was nervous. I printed the report since yesterday. It was stapled over my desk waiting. 

Did I dream something today? What times was it when I woke up? I got up from bed. I ate breakfast. The biscuit from Saturday. Today is monday. Tomorrow I have the whole day for myself. I have no work, no to dos left. I'm free. This wednesday I'll see Rene and I don't know what I'll say. 

The last messages I sent Catherine was about this house. She asked me if I haven't talked with Luis about how I feel when he calls me Ivan. I haven't. There is no point. Yesterday we talked about Liliana. If I tell her I have doubts she'll ask me what I want to do. Do I want to start seeing patients as Sofia? Do I want her to keep sending me patients? It's similar with Luis. What's the point of telling him I'm hurt every time he calls me by my former name. Do I want him to call me differently? What will he do when our grandma is nearby? 

"This is not my house. This is Ivan's home." 

I showered and changed. I wasn't going to shave. There were noticeable and thick black hairs in the sides of my chin. Just there. Some shorter ones spread on a tiny patch in my cheeks. And that was it. I could had left them be. But they looked weird. I sent a picture to Catherine and her opinion was tu cut them, too. I used the machine. I left home by one. 

I stayed in my car half an hour until the meeting hour. I read the conclusions of the report to familiarize myself with it. The mother arrived close to me. She walked towards Lili office and kept walking. I went to the other corner of the second floor. Liliana arrived a couple of minutes after two. We waited a little until the patient came. 

And then it was just results. I explained and exposed. I taught and clarified. I gave examples and I finished. The patient confirmed most of the things I had to say. "Yeah, yeah" "Have you felt like this?" "On occasions" She cried. It's scary to hear schizophrenia and paranoia. I know it is. I was scared myself. 

I got paid and left. We talked for three minutes and that was it. I made no mention of my situation. She gave them the contact of the psychiatrist. Dr Maldonado, like my father. 

"Maldonado, right?" confirmed the mother. "Yeah", I told her before Lili. 

"No... Oh wait, yeah, Maldonado. Magallanes is my doctor, Maldonado is my son's." 

She goes to the same doctor as I do. I could had said something, but I did not. 

I was bored home when I scrolled on facebook. My contacts are way less than in the other account. 

I changed to the other profile and looked at the new things. Then it appeared. Monica Gonzales. Why did she came up? This time she was with Moncayo. Yesterday. They went to a bar. Diana and Rafa were there, too. 

Some contact of Omar thought of them as a couple. She wore make up. Heavier than other times. She was wearing when we met outside the movies, too. How embarrassing that your exboyfriend wears more make up than you, it's almost as "seeing that a tranny looks better than you". 

I don't know, and can't know that she put it because she saw me. Probably it's not. Why would she? It's just like imagining them asking Monica how and why and when did we break up. She has more than a year with her boyfriend. They have no reason to mention me in their catching up. They don't even remember me, why would they think of me? 

Because somebody might have seen the profile and the picture. 

I don't know and probably never won't. 

It's absurd. I wanted to make it public, post it somewhere everyone could see so I could avoid this, people talking behind my back, asking questions, making assumptions. Posting it won't solve that, that could it even make it worse. 

Do I want to cause it? 

I kept mocking Luis today about his nipples slipping out of his tank. He answered back that at least his wouldn't be censored in a picture. 

Did he say that on purpose referring to mine or was he making a point about the situation with trans' nipples? 

Sometimes I think I overestimate him.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-12
Words:   1024
Minutes: 18

There is a lot of shit in my bed. Lots and lots of mementos and cards and bags and stuff. I took down everything from the shelves and the upper side of the bookcase and the boxes from over my closet. There is a white bag filled with trash. I took pictures from jr highschool and threw them away. I took the pages off the notebook of signatures from grade school. All the box of childhood memories is inside the bag of jr high school pictures. I put lots of the memories of university in a box and left it for later to clean. As I took the childhood memories I shared what was inside with Catherine. Snapshots of the pictures, and the toys and audios of me narrating the days from when I was seven years old. 

The year 2k. Fifteen years ago. I noticed the immatureness and the innocence and the excitement of childhood. I wish I could go back in time and see him. I remember being a little boy and picturing myself as a grown up. I didn't know why but I was sure I'd wear glasses. Did I see me with long or shorter hair? Would I recognize me? Would I think I look girly? 

How would I react were I to see me dressed femininely. "Who's that woman? ...Am I her? But how?" 

Would I be scared or relieved? 

I could imagine lots and lots of things, maybe I could be close to guessing my profession. Psychologist, applying psychometric tests, using math to evaluate people's personalities and mental quirks. Studying the brain, yeah. 

Would I be proud that I've gotten over my fear of needles? Would I be ashamed that I take hormones so I look like a girl? 

I opened Monica's box. Catherine told me it was fine and I could share its insides as well. I started taking a picture of everything, there were postcards of the ship in LA and from the Beatles Laser show. Inside was a cigar box of Abbey Road. In there a little red ribbon and a note. I thought it was too personal to share its contents. I read it. 

"My Ivan..." she told me how she loved me and explained the little gifts. In there was the hair pins of her childhood and the cigar box and the pajama string from the first time we chatted on the phone. Where did I left it? I think I threw it away. I turn my head and look at the night light and the cords that are tied on it. I looked for that blue string but it's not there. Why do I want it? Why do I want to remember? Why do I feel like it's something forbidden? 

I told Catherine that I could not. The letter was from before I left to Spain. Was it before or after we were to the hotel and I received the notification of the visa? Was it before or after I broke up with her over the phone? 

I cried but it wasn't because of the content. I told Catherine that I had decided to threw away the whole box. Was I lying or did I change my mind? Why did I put it away? 

I keep thinking about that blue string. I threw away her blue bra and the hair pins, I shredded to pieces the drawing I made her years ago. Why is that string more important? 

I had an insight. We chatted a little about the exes. I did tell Catherine I wished she had exes experiences like mine. It came back today. It's true, my problems with Monica are not because she's my ex. It's more complicated than that. 

And it came, and with the realization came the gut punch that brought me to tears. 

I don't hate her because of our relationship or its ending. I don't mind the lack of affection or intimacy, I don't care about stupid breaks or even what happened when she left the first time to Mexico. I've gotten all that. 

I'm not even mad about her leaving and rejection. It's not our friendship that I mourn. It's that she's gone and she never forgave me. 

I cheated in my own kind of way with both of them.  I asked her if she could love me, accept me and she did not know. She was hesitant to the idea. "I don't know, I can't answer, I can't say. I'm scared that I'll say yes and then I won't feel the same or that I'll say no and realize the mistake I made." She wasn't sure I would be me. 

I went to Spain and when I returned I betrayed her, I made her think I was still Ivan. Like the shot I repaired today, I came broken and in pieces. As I put myself back up, there are pieces missing. 

And then, a semester later, Ivan was gone. Ivan was dead. I took her lover away from her, the man she had planned a life with and who would always love, her best friend. He's gone because of me and we never talked about it. I realized it in january, a year after my departure. She was gone by then, she had abandoned me like she promised she would not do. She stayed in France for half a year and we kept talking, sometimes, pretending it was all the same and I had not changed. 

When she returned we did not meet. And I was angry at her, because I could not deal being angry at me for what I had done. And then the silences began. I was guilty and she was distant. Until she left for good. Until she told me directly how she could not be my friend and left. 

She loved him, she promised him love and hates me. 

Is that why I am scared of my parents? I took her lover away. What will happen when I take my family's son and brother? Will they hate me, too? 

Is that why I can't deal with them seeing me? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-13
Words:   786
Minutes: 31

Catherine's new profile picture is an hour old and has 18 likes. 18 people have seen it and clicked a button to express their approval. It means nothing, it's worth nothing. It's not something material, just an abstract quantification, a number. 

I talked to Rene. I picked Catherine from her house. 

Don't know why, but I just came from walking upstairs looking for a pair of double A batteries. I put them in the white dog that dances to music. It's yellow now after the years it lied out of use. Is it dead? 

"I travelled the world looking to find myself. In my search I ended up shattered and broken. 
After time I decided to pick up the pieces. The missing fragments are part of my history, of who I am." 

I thought about posting the pictures of the broken shot glass, and those could be the words to accompany them. What's the point if no one will see? 

Since yesterday we talked about going to the park. I picked her up and drove us to my session. We parked outside the grade school. We walked and I held her hand. I know it makes her uncomfortable, I know she gets nervous and feels exposed. Is that why I do it? Do I want her to feel how I feel? Is it on purpose? 

In our way we stopped in food garden. We bought a big cup of thai tea. She ordered it. Nobody looked at us. They let us be. 

We stayed the rest of out extra time outside the building, seated, talking, smiling. 

"Does it bother you that I play pokemon, too?", I told her the truth, I feel similarly to Anahi. When we talked with her, I felt letdown. She talks about those same people who mocked her because of playing videogames are now posting images of themselves with that stupid game. She hasn't even played pokemon. 

I remember those times when I was 6 or 7 years old. Edgar had a gameboy pocket. He bought the blue version of the game, the one with Blastoise, the big turtle with cannons on his shoulders. I played that game. Didn't really understood it, but I played it. I ended up owning it years later with a bunch of other games. Outside the CECUT we dad parked the van and when we returned somebody stole my backpack with toys and the game boy. 

I talked with Rene, but felt no point. He made no comment that I couldn't had realized myself. Should I really keep going? Yeah. I'm on medication. He is supervising it. He has helped me. 

"How can she be friends with the woman who took Ivan from her" 

Was that what hurt me or his worry that a potential patient could feel let down because he was told he would meet with the psychologist Sofia. 

I cried. I ought to bring the count to 0 again. 

We drove directly to the park after that. We were alone for a couple of minutes until Anahi caught up with us. Her bra was really small, I thought I could see her nipple through her blouse but doubted about saying something. 

We ate the sandwiches Catherine made and the chips I took from home. I took pictures with my phone and Anahi's. I asked her for the code so I could see them. She told me she had deleted them already. Maybe she was just messing around. I tried putting the code but ended up blocking it. A minute of waiting until a next try. She put the code wrongly and the wait was for five minutes. When I mentioned it again, she got it wrong again on purpose, the wait was 15 minutes. I was sad and mad, I was upset. 

I said no other word about it, and let the day continued as if nothing had happened. 

I hate that kind of fellowship. It's not fun, it's hurtful. I don't really want those kind of friends. 

They talked about Catherine's new job, the application, the process. Anahi's new studies. She could get a technical certification. Catherine thought about it. What if I don't get into the master? "Would you get upset if I after not getting I decide to stay here?"

"No, I mean, yeah, but you can totally do that."

But did I mean it? 

Even now I'm worried. I'll end up alone, just as I feared. Without a home nor a therapist nor a endocrinologist. 

I won't have any help, any family, any friend. 

I'll be totally alone in a place where absolutely not a single person will know my legal name or my story. 

Isn't that what I want? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-14
Words:   762
Minutes: 18

I cried yesterday like I've not cried in years. Tears drowned my face, the sorrow wrapped my throat and held me to bed. 

What was it that we talked about? 

It al started with a simple phrase: "I'm a little sad because of everything". Everything was 5 things, now I can't even remember them. Catherine tried to make me feel better but it was counterproductive. Was it an argument, a fight? 

We both were crying. We explained and I talked why I think telling the things and emotions are a mistake. Opening up doesn't help. I expose myself and wear my own vulnerability and it doesn't change a thing. I don't feel better but worse.

I can't remember the last things we talked about. Pictures, Anahi, the capital. I feel lonely and invisible. I keep hiding myself even though I don't really want to. I try to fool myself into thinking there is no longer any feeling of shame inside of me. 

Yesterday when I returned I put my hoodie before entering the door. I covered the little and barely noticeable breasts that protruded from the blouse. Tiny and sensible plums underneath my nipples. My mother asked me to pick Luis and my grandma up from school today. She would leave them by 9, the time the meeting was supposed to start, I could pick them up at 10. When they were finished they would go buy tacos and I'd look for them there. 

Then the night came and Catherine and I cried under the silence of the moon. 

By 2 in the morning we stop sharing messages. I don't recall the time I finally went to sleep. Did I hear something? I think I sent Catherine a message telling her both my mom and grandma were speaking loudly. 

I got up earlier than I had to. I didn't shower, I just put jeans and went. I could meet them earlier. I could eat with them freshly or just come home. I left closer to 9 than 10. I arrived a quarter before the hour. There was nobody. Sure, they could be waiting inside. 

I put gas before leaving. The dispatcher didn't welcomed me in a gender way. I looked androgynous enough to be met with ambiguity. I put 100. 

I still felt the sadness from the night. I was tired and miserable. I ate the burrito that was in the table but waited until coming back to take the hormones. 

I was upset and annoyed by having to wait for them. I moved the car like 5 times. I parked in front of the school, in front of the taco cart and then the school again, and then nearby. Finally I stopped and waited a little before entering the principal offices. I looked Luis going out from the door and our grandmother following him. I opened the door and let them in. "Have you been here for long?" 

"Like an hour" I exaggerated a little rounding up. It was a muted tone of voice, not really angry, just tired. Exhausted. Had I any emotion in me left? My grandmother explained and try to make smalltalk along the way home. I didn't shut her off, but not really continued it. I speeded a little out of frustration. I was caught in the inside of the roundabout and got stuck behind slow cars in the highway. 

When home I did not say a word. I took my pills and went back to bed. I cried several times today. 

I opened Monica's box that I was letting for later. More than half of its contents I threw away. I kept the notes and important mementos and, apart, the things she could want back or I would feel guilty throwing to the trash. 

I cried reading the letters. Her love, how she would always be mine, there was nothing that could set us apart. I was that nothing. I took her lover away and killed him. I murdered him in Spain and came in his place. He was more feminine than when I pretended to be him. Did she notice the difference? Was I convincing? Did she come better with me than with him? 

Catherine told me that it's something that could not be avoided. I did what I had to do. I could not pretend to be him forever. I would be unhappy, it would not be my life. I'd be dead. 

I kept the items as if there is still a chance of seeing her again. 

Am I optimistic or just a fool? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-15
Words:   818
Minutes: 19

30 days again. 

Today was a calm and silent day. I did shower for a change and did my exercises, too. 

I finished sorting out the boxes of mementos and the drawer with the stuff. My clothes are ready for tomorrow. I am excited and nervous. We talked about how we would do it. Catherine will pick me up early and drove the both of us to find parking near the border. We'll look for a pot near the new border crossing. After getting to the other side, we'll make a stop in the carl's jr where Anahi works. She will leave her job application, no, she'll ask for one. Anahi forgot hers before leaving. 

I'm supposed to wake up by 5 in the morning. I'll shower and shave my face and comb my hair. I'll dress up and maybe apply some of my face before waiting her to come. 

I keep thinking about adding Monica, sending her the request and just waiting. But waiting for what, exactly? She could either accept it or not. And if she does? Would I send her a message? Would I look for news about her? Do I want her to see my posts? 

I've been thinking about apologizing. Asking if she resents me. Offering to give her her stuff back. 

I feel like a pushover, insignificant. It's a mixture of both feeling like a monster and the victim. I pity her and hate her. 

She promised me to stay and left, she promised me support and bailed. I made her fall in love with a lie. I took away the man she dreamed a future with. 

I told my parents about going out tomorrow but did not say where. My grandma gave me the earrings and the bracelet for Catherine. She asked for the ring but I didn't give it back. I made like I was looking for it but she did not wait. 

She asked Miguel if he had someone, too, a girlfriend. I have a girlfriend but I am nobody's boyfriend. I am not a boy. 

How many times do I have to type it before I truly believe it? 

A year ago I went scared about wearing jeggings and a blouse, tomorrow I'll cross wearing leggings and a blouse under my shirt. That's my "boymode" I'll took off the shirt, put the white dress I bought and then loose the leggings. 

I hope I look drastically different to me from a year ago. I hope people gender me feminine and it doesn't surprise me. I hope I no longer feel nervousness riding the bus nor the trolley. 

Will I take pictures with my phone or will I take the camera? Will I post them? Will I share them? 

My aunts might see them if I post them in snapchat. Distant friends might, too. 

I no longer care. Yesterday I thought about posting it on Facebook. Talking with Catherine we both came to the same conclusion that I am not really ready. I hesitate before entering home dressing some ways. Even now I haven't considered how will I return home. I'll leave it wearing an androgynous outfit, but I'll came back wearing the dress. My father has seen me in a different one, Luis as well. My mother should be the person whom I should be less nervous about. Miguel I know I don't mind. It's my grandmother whom I hesitate about. 

Catherine will bring be back. I'll open the door with both a rainbow and a trans bracelet. A bag and maybe bags with rainbow stuff. Will I be wet like last year? Will I be smiling or upset? Will something happen? 

Why should I worry? Lots of things could happen. Last year there were people on the trolley harassing and talking about god and sexual sins. Do I want them to come to me and screamed at our faces? Tell me I'm an abomination and our love is something to be ashamed of? 

I don't expect Catherine to speak up. Would I? 

I want to. I want to defend our love. Telling them it's not of their business. But what if it's me who they attack? What if my voice betrays me and get called a faggot or a failed man or a tranny. 

Would I dare to open my mouth? 

Nothing might happen. 

But shit might, too. 

Maybe in the pride, like Catherine's scared of. Maybe on the crossing or at Anahi's job. Maybe in the festival or on our way home. Maybe home. 

Would I dare face them dressed like that? Would I dare confront my grandmother and explain? I went to the pride parade. I am not really gay, but yeah, kind of. I'm with Catherine, and we're both women. You see, I'm trans. 

I am trans. 

I am trans and should not be ashamed. 

I hope some day I get to feel proud. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-16
Words:   1027
Minutes: 30

Okay let's try this I've written the words before in both my tablet and my phone now I'm not writing at all I'm dictating the words and my tablet is writing them down this is supposed to be faster than other ways I think I'm getting the hang of it no nevermind I keep saying words and words and sure the tablet writes them down but it's mistaken several times it's a chore going back and correcting it myself sure I mean my laptop is updating to a new software I was going to write them down on this tablet and I thought about trying this new software and here I am lying in my bed saying words and seeing them appearing into white screen today was Pride Catherine was with me the whole day it was fun I enjoy it mostly I'm really tired I guess I should begin writing now it was a nice exercise to realize how good my pronunciation in English is. 

Yeah that's enough. I'll write normally now. 

We both woke up by 5 in the morning. The sun wasn't even thinking about showing. Everything was dark and quiet and we started before the day. 
She picked me up quicker than I expected. I was wearing the leggings and a white blouse under the denim shirt. I put the sunscreen on my face after getting my head right. The minutes before Catherine's arrival I finished giving colour to my face. Just smoothening it a little amount. 

I was way less nervous than last year. We found parking easily near the new border crossing. I changed a thousand pesos to dollars. I don't really know how I looked. 

The first words Catherine said to me as I got in her car were: "you look so girly" 

We got to the bridge in the river. It was barely standing. A couple o aluminum platforms bridged until the start of the building receiving the peatons from Mexico. 

There was almost no line. I could count easily the people in front of us. The cbp closest to the door was asking the guy to lift his shirt and turn around. It got me scared. What would happen when they see my name? 

It was my turn. He asked me where I was going and I told the truth. San Diego, what was I going to do in San Diego? Well, going to balboa Park. 

"are you Jos Ivn?" "Yeah", I answered again saying the truth without bring totally frank. "ok, have fun, man" 

I have the picture we took of us crossing the new border entry. I don't look as feminine as I thought. Yeah, I looked girly but it wasn't unbelievable that I were a boy. 

First we went to Anahi's work. We crossed a couple of minutes shy of 7 and got there a couple after eight. Anahi made my breakfast burger and put extra hashbrowns in it. She took her 10 minutes break to chat with us. Catherine filled her job application. I went to the bathroom to change. I put the shirt over the thing with the toilet paper. I hesitated before putting my bag on the ground. I took the dress and put them over my head and shoulders. The leggings were the last to go. I put on the shirt and exited. There was voices, a woman and a child. One of them inside the cubicle, the words were as if there was something between them. I was out and nervous. I looked at her directly in the eyes when I walked towards the sink. 

I forgot if there was a mirror or not. We went to Wal mart, she bought a cable for her phone and I, a replacement to my mascara. 

The bathrooms were closed and there was no small mirrors. 

I put the rest of my make up outside in the bus stop. We got to university Ave just as the parade was starting. The "dykes on bikes" were passing by with a rainbow-colored cloud of smoke following them. 

We walked to find good places. Some people arrived and moved closer and closer to the street covering the view. Catherine seemed tired and in a bad mood. I asked her to move but she said no. I moved a couple of times to take pictures. I finally found a better place and told her I would be over there. She came some time later. She was upset and cried a little. She later would tell me she felt out of place. I remember Anahi's words. I understand here. They're proud and celebrating and dancing and cheering. 

She barely accepts she's bi. She's still nervous about being seen with me holding hands. She hasn't told her father. 

Gladly she felt a little better as the day passed. We got some free stuff. The booth of the sex toys was different this time. Now the gifts were cheaper and just one slot of the roulette gave a toy.

We both ended getting one. Several times did people referred to us as ladies. 

At first it was hurting waving and feeling ignored. It wasn't until later that I could see them starting waving back after meeting my sight. 

"Bang them, sister!" one of the men said after I waved at him. When I did, he cheered. 

Later, getting to the festival we met the black man who danced over a truck. He smiled at me and I waved again. He exclaimed "I really like that girl!" 

There were two people manifesting about religion. A couple of men confronted them one hugged him and the other asked him what Love meant. 

He came to us to tell He told me Jesus didn't love me, can you believe it? I told him he loves everyone. How could he not love me when he made me this fabulous?"

I returned in a dress, nervous and afraid. I heard the TV when I turned the key and opened the door. My parents my brothers, my grandmother. I didn't know what to expect. The living room was empty. 

Was it a victory or a disappointment? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-17
Words:   763
Minutes: 23

I am not going to do any exercise today. Yesterday I walked close to 10 kilometers. My shoulders are red and furious. My face is reddened and sore. Even raising my arm constricts the swollen skin on the shoulder and it screams in pain. Lying on my side is excruciating, stomach-down, I tend to use my arms as a support to my head, so unconsciously lifting them is a source of discomfort. Sleeping on my back is my least favorite way to rest and now my only option. 

I returned to bed after breakfast. I slept two or three hours passing noon. Yesterday I ate not much, today I took what I left the day before. I took the usual biscuit, then four cookies. I ate what was left of my bowl and a sandwich, in the evening I finished with a steak sandwich. 

I drank mostly water but still is a lot of food. 

I feel tired. Tomorrow I think I'll send a message to Liliana. Rene is pressuring me subtly to do it. I want to, anyway. 

If she asks me, will I let her present to me as Sofia? The pride was a confident booster, but am I ready? Do I pass? Has she forgotten? Of course not. 

We accorded to see the last episode of Orange is the new black in Catherine's house tomorrow. She proposed it. I had the idea it was me who asked her not to go to her house. Stopped being seen as Ivan and called in the masculine. 

My mother asked my opinion about what Luis said to his female friend about her bathing suit. Was it because I studied psychology or because she saw me as a woman, too? 

Will I dare to correct them or show myself? 

I was going to, I did enter to the house in the dress. I did not know the living room was going to be empty. 

Will I see my patients in dresses or jeans and blouses? I have the full black bag of clothes still in the room next to mine. My closet is less filled. My formal clothes are in my mother's closet and I don't pretend to wear them anymore. There is no point in taking them to the laundry. 

I thought about telling them of the graduation. Reminding them that I have to buy what I'm going to wear. I don't even consider going in a suit. 

"The graduation I'm invited to will be in September, I have to buy what I'm going to wear" "What will you wear, a suit?", I guess they're going to ask. 

"I won't wear another suit in my life" I said to the imaginary conversation playing inside my head. 

Yesterday Luis set up his phone and I put in there the numbers of both my mom and dad. When I put mine, I hesitated when filling the information. What's my name? He knows. Why couldn't I just type it? 

What's stopping me? From where does the shame keeps coming? 

Of what am I ashamed? I am a woman, I am starting to look like one. I am comfortable when people see me and treat me as one. Why do I fear being denied when nobody has done it? 

Again I hesitated before posting the status update. I thought about posting more pictures about the parade and the festival. Ones with Catherine and me, hugging and smiling and making faces and having fun. 

I'm proud of her. I used to think I'd leave the Facebook without a trace of my history as a trans person. And then again I keep going back to the idea of linking it to the previous profile or posting the picture with me and the trans bracelet. 

When I told Catherine about my hesitation she asked me if it was because of her. I lied and told her no. It's true that I have other reasons. Why couldn't I say how much it hurt me that she denies me? 

She's ashamed of me. I am, too, so I don't think I can blame her. 

She invited me to her home and I'm nervous about being seen by her parents. Her mother's denial and her father's obliviousness. Is he, though? Does he really not know? 

Will he ask me personally why did I stop going? Will he make a comment about my recent absence? 

How will I react when I hear that name, when I'm referred mistakenly?

Do I have a right to be upset when even in my own home I'm unknown? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-18
Words:   943
Minutes: 19

I was mistaken for my mother in the phone again. This time it was laughed about and shared with my grandmother later on the phone as I passed it. Minutes later she would tell my mom about it. "What was it that she said to you? 'Hello, lady"? " She did not such thing. She said hello in a knowing sing-y tone and I asked with whom she wanted to speak. Then she realized I was not Laura. 

She's gone. She left because she has an appointment tomorrow, maybe? I could now post it and don't worry about her comments. I can leave home in a dress or whatever outfit I desire. I don't have to worry anymore about whom I find as I open the front door. Now everyone in this home know about me. 

I closed Facebook. Since the start of the day I checked the status of the pictures updating and all. In dropbox just the video is missing. I uploaded some of the favorite pictures of the parade to Facebook. It was a gut punch when the option of tagging people came. I asked Catherine before, if she would be upset about me posting the one where we kissed. I remember my last relationship and Monica's reluctance to publish our relationship status in there. This is different. Her parents doesn't know we're a couple. They don't know me. Her mother does, it's just her father. 

To him she's Ivan's girlfriend. 

But that was not the suckerpunch I was referring about. Yeah, the option appeared again when I hovered the mouse over her face. Did I want to tag Catherine Rodriguez?, a little pop up window would say. It recognized her picture and proposed the idea. Facebook is a tattle tale and an ignorant. It doesn't know the problems and complications about our family and my own identity. That's why when I hovered my own face it asked me if I wanted to tag Ivan to the pictures. It doesn't know we're not the same person. That I'm not him. It just sees the face and thinks we share it. Will people think that, too? 

I was hesitant about posting them. Yeah, it's hard. It's painful the feeling about doubting showing myself and then just realizing nobody notices. I posted a picture months before and it stayed ignored and unseen. Would this happen again? Would it be coming back from the pride with knots in my stomach and my trembling swallowed feet as I opened the door expecting judging and confused eyes upon me just to be met with an alone tv preaching to an empty room. 

Minutes, no, fractions of one barely passed before the first notification appeared. Jhonny had liked the album, when he started reacting to the pictures I closed the tab. Will I react the same way when I finally post the status in Ivan's profile? 

I have Rene's words in my ears. Both about the status update and Liliana. It's just two days before I see him again. Today I sent Liliana the text message telling her I want to talk to her, asking her for a free time she has in the week so I can meet with her. I confessed it was about the patients but it was something personal I wanted to talk about in person and not by the phone. 

The message was sent around noon. She saw it an hour, maybe after that. It's still unanswered. She's busy, I know. She has a filled schedule, I know that, too. If tomorrow or the day after I don't get a response I might send her a voice message. 

I won't need to, after all. She just answered and my stomach is knotting again, converging into itself, growling. I'm both nervous and relieved. 

I just accepted the proposal and confirmed. Tomorrow by three I'll see her in her office. 

I will go. What will I wear? "Hello, my handsome boy" Will that be the last time she says that? 

Should I go androgynous or complete feminine? I don't think I'm ready to wear make up just now. 

How will I say it? 

She'll say hi and kiss my cheek and invite me to enter, I guess. And then? Will I start just then? will I hesitate? 

"Yeah, I've been meaning to say it, but it's hard. I know you've been busy and we haven't had much time. You know about me, I'm not a boy, nor Ivan. I am trans. And that's the thing. I don't know what to do... 

When I started I really doubted what to do and how, the first patient knew me as Ivan and I thought that was going to be it, you know? It was settled. Professionally I could still be him at least until I left to the capital and continue with my transition and change my papers and all that, sure it would be hard, but doable. 

But that's the thing. Since then, I've started transition. I've had 4 laser sessions in my face. I've been in hormones for almost three months. The changes are not really obvious yet, but yeah, I don't know if I'll be able to hide them for long. 

And it really scares me. I don't know what to do. I don't have much experience with patients and I'm lost with my situation.

Will I be ready to present myself as who I really am? Will they respect me? Will it be impossible or difficult?

I know how I look, and that's why the urgency of saying it. But I don't know how I'm seen or how I will be."

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-19
Words:   791
Minutes: 19

There are red tiny little dots in my upper arms. It's not a stinging pain, just an uncomfortable reminder of my sun poisoning. It's fading, I guess. 

I went to Liliana's office and talked. I waited until time let me in. A couple of minutes after three, she opened the door to go to the bathroom and I waited standing. I was talking with Catherine  on whatsapp. I was pretty nervous. Not like before entering my parents' bedroom with the plaque or when I was trapped in my bedroom wearing the blue dress. 

It's not pain, it's itching. I want to pass my hand over the skin and calm the sensation. Tell myself "Yes, I know... what can I do?". Scratching hurts me, it brings me pain and yet doing it is something uncontrollable. I can't avoid it. I know it's bad, I know I'll regret it. And yet I stopped typing and take both my hands to my arms and dig my pointy nails into the skin. 

Claudia added me to Facebook. She's Anahi's friends. She is Fernando's ex-girlfriend. I accepted her. Maybe it was the comment I made in Anahi's post about pokemon go in Sea World. 

She sent me a text message: did I make another facebook or had she not added me before? She was confused. 

Was her confusion about not having me in her friend list or because of my pictures and name? I answered her implicit question. It's a new facebook, it's me, I'm trans. 

Moments after that was when Liliana came to the door and let me in. 

After talking with her I stopped in the bakery. I bought three pieces of sweet bread. One sugary pastry of twisted donut, and two biscuits. I ate one and give the donut to Luis. I just took one bit. Before me entered a woman and a little girl. She was young and cute, a small child of no more than 4. She looked at me more than the woman, she looked and turned again. Was it my hair or my body? What was it that she saw? 

I had tried gone femininely to Liliana. I wore the shorts I bought with Catherine and one of the tanks from Target. Over it I had the long black sweater covering my reddened shoulders from the sun. When the woman finished paying the man behind the cashier extended my hand asking for my platter. I lend it to him and waited for the woman and child the leave. He said: "it's 30, miss" 

I smiled and thanked him. Two coins for my jar. I paid with the rest of the money my mother gave to me for bringing ice. She gave me 300 pesos. 100 went to my phone. 

With Liliana I said it. I told her my worry and uneasiness. I told her I've started treatment. I've started changing. I'm unsure of how to present myself and show myself. I cried when I expressed my doubt of being "ready" to be seen as a girl. 

It was reassuring and comforting. I've done it and I can tell Rene tomorrow. 

I even talked about my thoughts of posting it on Facebook. She gave me the idea I had flirted with about sending a private message to certain contacts. Just a few of the closest ones, the ones I wish them to know, and tell them and give the info about the new profile. At first I thought it was the answer to the problem, yet coming home I came back to square one. 

Where would I draw the line. Catherine asked me if the action of selecting a few would mean rejection when their lack of answer would seem apparent. It wasn't though. 

Catherine told her father. He was going to the bathroom and she asked him if he was going to take a bath. "Yeah, why, do you want to chat?" She was just about to tell him to no, and go to the bathroom, when she finally took the chance. She started with and introduction to the conversations they've had. Then she told her secret. Later she would tell mine. He took it better than her mom. 

It's done, she's said it. She's not rested, though. It's as if things are left to say, secrets still kept. 

I found her words familiar. After my mom was my dad. Then it was a matter of telling my brothers. When I did, it was about being seen and when I showed myself it's about telling the world. 

Is that why I want to tell everyone? 

Where would I draw the line. From whom do I want to keep the information? Why? Why do I feel like hiding it still? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-20
Words:   771
Minutes: 24

"Your mouth looks very red", she was just coming down the stairs and stopped in the opening mid-floor just behind the television. I had my legs crossed under me in the sofa and was sitting next to Luis. Silently I nodded my head with shyness. Everyone in the house had seen me before. My father came outside to move the pick-up after Miguel opened the curtains and saw me park. Luis was sitting in the couch and Miguel at the table. Nobody said anything. 

I showed Luis the video of me in Argana blowing smoke out of my red lips. The white shirt that covered my dress was beside me. 

What was I wearing when they left to Costco? 

I had taken a picture to ask Catherine what shoes to wear. My legs were covered in black leggings and over I had the pink tank. I could either wear the red shirt with squares or the white one with gray stripes. 

I was asking about the shoes. I had decided about wearing the white one. She told me she thought I was going to wear the white blouse. After a series of misunderstood messages I ended up changing the tank for the creamy blouse I bought but never worn. Over it I wore the white shirt. 

And then I left. I drove to Rene's and parked in the lot next to my highschool. With Rene I spoke securely about what has happened. I shared my own interpretation of the need to shared it on Facebook. I had thought about posting it today. Entering the session and just tell him "I've done it". 

My mother hasn't seen me in a dress. She noticed my red lips today. Was she making a comment because she dares to notice, to talk about it? My dad doesn't, then? Does he see? 

I can tell them. I'm scared about what they will say. I have a full black thrash bag with the clothes I will no longer wear. They don't either fit or they are way too manly for me to feel comfortable in. It's not just me. Yeah, I hate looking like a man, but when I go out in "normal" clothes, is when people stare and get confused or noticeably uncomfortable. They only time people have mocked me is when I was wearing man's clothes. 

When I go out in female clothes or wear make up, it's like I turn invisible, no, they notice me, but I look normal. People smile more, look more calm or apathetic. They don't hesitate nor get uncomfortable when they have to address me. I mean, yeah, I've been harassed, too, I guess, but for being a woman, not for being trans. I've gotten catcalled, but who hasn't. 

Would I really dare to say that? 

That's the reason. I feel more comfortable, I feel amazing when I get validated by strangers. Months ago I was terrified of even driving female clothes. Now, I prefer it. 

I've talked with my boss, the psychologist. The next patients I treat, they'll be referred to Sofia, not Ivan. I'll see them as a woman. I'm nervous, but I want to. It was my decision. 

"Tomorrow I'll post the status on Facebook" Just now I write that to Catherine. She put a smiley face. Her parents know, now. Yeah, her uncles and aunts don't, and neither her grand parents. 

I will tell her, to tell her parents about my name. I don't want her to refer to me as Ivan. Will I correct Luis, too? Will I let my mother ask me? Am I going to accept her offering or will I ask it to them? Is my dad going to answer with a silent face of disapproval? 

Will it be hard for them? For me? 

After my session Catherine met me outside the Oxxo. She told me my breasts looked bigger. Later she would add they bounced as I walked. We drove to the beach. We stayed a little in the park and played pokemon. In Argana we ordered food and a pipe. We saw the last episode of OITNB. We were received as ladies. The whole days was that how we were seen. Just once a man kept looking straight at me as he passed me. Did he clock me? Did he see through the make up? Is there something to see? 

I'm wearing a trans bracelet. I'm not hiding it. I'm sick of hiding and keeping secrets. Yeah, I'm a woman, and yes, I am trans. 

I think this is the first time I might actually believe I'm not ashamed anymore. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-21
Words:   756
Minutes: 17

I'm thinking about posting it. Making it public, coming out in all the senses of the word. I'm really thinking about it, considering, seeing all the consequences and possibles outcomes, both positive and negative. 

What would happen here, home? Everybody knows but nobody says a thing. My mother is the only ones who dares to speak about it, not even me. 

Mexicali? Would Cande see it or Edgar would tell her first? What would my uncles and aunts reactions would be? Both my aunt paty and Blanca from fresno have seen my snaps. The ones from pride and the ones from yesterday. I'm wearing a dress and yesterday I had my lips as red as fire. 

Tomorrow Catherine'll pick me up. She'll come home in the early evening. She said I could wear the blue dress. Both my father and Luis have seen me in it. Miguel and my mother are the most supporting and knowing ones. Would they say something? Would my mother talk about me in the masculine? Would I dare to tell her my name? 

It's hot in here. I did the exercise but could not finish. My tank was soaked and there were dark spots of sweat over my chest. It looks more prominent and noticeable. When I sent Catherine the picture, that was the word she replied. 

I keep thinking about tomorrow. My father, who has seen me already won't be home by the time I leave. My mother will. I can mention to her the black bag of clothes that stays here in the back, as if there were any doubts that I want to get rid of those. 

What if she asks me if I want clothes? What if she offers to go shopping with me? What if she proposes to change the way she refers to me? Why does it scare me? Why the hell do I want to post it, then? 

Rene said it, like psychoanalysis, as you said, it's all about timing. 

Is this the right time?  Am I ready? Will I ever be? 

I signed out of the profile and got into the old one. It's open right now, as if there were any possibility that I'm going to change tabs and post it right now. 

Which one scares me the most? That there will be obnoxious comments making questions or jokes? Or that it will stay ignored and invisible? 

In this profile, where I'm acquainted with strangers, I can see posts of familiar people. My mother just posted an oblivious game of nominating people to share stupid shit. She posted this picture about motherhood and pride. In the picture Miguel is in the middle, smiling. It's his birthday. Besides him there are my parents, and on the other side, are both Luis and me. I look at myself as if I were a stranger. I see it as if it were so old. Is it my hair or my complexion? Is my face broader and rounder? 

Another post is a picture of an old cartoon. It expects the year 2017 and the things to come. Hey Arnold. I saw that show. I liked it. The post is from Moncayo's profile. I see the number of likes in it and get curious. I click there and another window opens with the list of names. The last one is Monica. She didn't even watch it. I know that, she used to tell me when we confided in each other. After seeing her I get irritated. I think about considering looking out for her and yet again I get caught in thinking about her. 

There are new episodes of Steven Universe. I saw four when Catherine was doing something. The last one is about Pearl and the relationship with Greg, Steven's dad. She sings about how it's over and Rose chose him. "It's over, why can't I move one?" 

Was that the reason I cried? No. I cried when Steven sings to the both of them. 

I'm nervous about tomorrow. She'll come in the afternoon. Late in the day, between four and five. What will happen? What will people say? What will I do? 

Am I anxious? Today's the last day of rest. Tomorrow I'll continue with the horse urine. Horse piss junkie. I chuckle every time I remember. 

Are changes real? I'm not imagining them. I look different. Am I different? 

Have I changed? 

My mind suddenly went blank. From what thought did I try to escape?

Why do I always keep either hiding or running? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-22
Words:   940
Minutes: 18

I'm dressed again, the same blue dress, make up and hair. All done and worn. I'm again in my room with the closed door. Am I stuck again? Why don't I open the door? Luis has seen me this way, both in pictures and in person. It's 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Catherine yesterday said she would pick me up in half an hour. Her car is failing. Her dad would check it. That was a couple of minutes ago and she hasn't answered yet. I was supposed to post it. I thought about it. I want to. People seeing, knowing. This whole house knows and yet everything is the same. I am nervous about my clothes and face. I've been changing. 

Have I changed enough? 

It's been easier and easier telling people. The first time I lasted like two hours getting the courage and then I couldn't even say the word. Last time I told it like if I had just painted my hair. 

Am I ready? Everything was about timing. Do I want my mother confronting me? 

Would it be confrontation? 

I haven't even reached half of the words for today. Why did I start just now? Because I'm nervous. About what? Going out of this room? Stop hiding here or everywhere? 

I've checked the words countless times. Three, four drafts I've made and discarded. The last one I am comfortable with. I read it several times in bed, pronouncing every word under my breath as if I were whispering to the world. 

I have the profile open here in the computer. Notifications keep appearing about stuff I don't care about. What people are interested in doing near me, or the likes and comments of the picture my mother posted about maternity, or a new post in the group of the faculty I no longer attend. 

I stand up again and again and get close the door. Even though I preach to myself every day about pride and shame I hesitate before opening the door. What is it that I'm scared of? They already know, everybody here. Half of them have seen me. Is it showing myself? Then why do I want to? 

I signed out from that profile from every device but here. Will I really post it? I changed tabs a while ago and saw the people online. Vanessa from highschool, my godparents the parents of Jessica, Medrano, classmates of both college and high school. People I don't care about knowing and people I don't really know. 

Will my mother call me after seeing it? Will she comment in it and share it? Will she cry and show it to my dad? 

She does know I'm trans right? She knows about the laser and endocrinologist and the hormones and the changes. Why is my heart running? Why does every part of me wants to run away? 

"Yes, it's me. I am Sofia. 

I am not Ivan, nor he. I am she, I'm trans. 

I'm not saying it because I have or should to. I want to say it. 

Honestly most of the times I've told I haven't liked it. Since not too long ago, I felt like in a confessionary sharing a shameful secret. Yeah, it was a secret, but it's not a sin to be confessed. It should neither be shameful. I'm tired of hiding it, hiding myself. 

This is not my life, it's not who I am. I am not a man, nor am I Ivan. 

It's not a lifestyle or a choice, or a sickness or a fetish. I'm not a gay man, nor a cross-dresser, nor a tranny. I'm not a cliche nor a joke. I don't wish to turn into gossip. 
I'm just me, trying to live how I really feel, comfortable, without shame nor fear, authentic. 

I can change how I dress and act and talk and look. There are ways to change even my body. There is no therapy or pill that can change who I really am, I can only hide it. For a long time, even without realizing it, I lived like that, hiding, first from myself and then from the world. I'm sick of feeling invisible. 

This is my life, no one is going to live it for me and I should not live it for anyone. I'll dress and act and look how I want, how I please. 

I am a transgender woman, yes, but I'm the same person I've always been. Just as I'm from Tijuana, and a psychologist, and I love old books and notebooks, and listen to sad music, and avoid cheese and prefer my coffee bitter... Being trans is just one of the many things that describe me, not something that defines me. 

Just as I eventually will stop fully pretending to be Ivan, today I'll stop using this profile. I won't delete the account the same way I can not delete my past. 

For whoever wants to support me, or be with me, or just stay in contact, or knowing what's new in my life, Sofia Fernandez will be my new profile. Any comment or question, you know who I am and where to find me. 

If I know something it's that my life won't be easy. It will be a long and hard path. Nonetheless, it's unimaginable the relief I feel knowing that I won't have to take it by myself. 

Even if just for today, thanks for reading me, for seeing me." 

Catherine is not here yet. I've posted it. It's done. No more hesitation or doubt. I'm out, I'm visible. 

I am going to open the door. 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-23
Words:   1058
Minutes: 20

I did publish it. I left home and got into Catherine's car. I showed her the picture of the notification about the post I was tagged in from Ivan. The notifications started appearing. Even though I had signed out of Ivan's profile, the little boxes kept telling me people commented on a post I was tagged in, and others about the friend requests. I turned off the notifications, of both Facebook and the e-mail. 

I kept my head occupied with my date. We ate in Giuseppi's.  We ordered a pizza and a salad. I thought I heard one of the girls from the next table say something about my hair as we passed and took our seats. The waiters welcomed us and asked us if we were ready. 

Both Miguel and Luis saw me leaving. I didn't wore the black sweater. 

After dinner, we walked and took pictures. We played pokemon and had fun. I love her, I really do. I see her face and I want to get close and hug her and kiss her in those full lips. I don't care about anyone's reaction when I'm with her. I feel happy. 

I caught glimpses of the notifications. I had 62 friends requests. More than a hundred likes. I was scared it would go unnoticed. I kept it unseen until this morning. 

I didn't cry when I read the comments. I didn't know how I would feel. What was I expecting? I read them and see them, and look through the faces and their words, and I felt, warm. It was nice. 

There was something, though. 

Catherine told me that my hesitation could be about who would not be there. I replied that I wasn't worried about that. The people close to me already knew. There was no one I could think of that I'd miss from there. 

Today I realized I was wrong. I saw the faces and accepted the requests and I thought about Valeria, she was there. Omar Moncayo and Rafa, too, they would send me the requests later. Just one person was left from the last picture I saw. 

She doesn't have me on Facebook. I deleted her. There is no way she can see it. Do I want her, too? 

I wrote a message for her. I made the text I could send her, apologizing, telling her about her mementos. 

There is no way I can send it to her. She has not signed in whatsapp in more than a week. I don't have her in any of the two Facebook profiles. Do I want her to read the message? I wrote it and read it and I think is pathetic. What difference is it in there from the other cringing messages I would send her years before? 

I made a mistake, maybe. I regret the way I treated her, sure, and what happened. But there is no way a simple message can fix anything. 

"A couple of weeks ago I saw you and your boyfriend. I had this ill felling as if I should avoid talking to you or letting you see me, shame of being seen by you or him in a dress. Then I thought that maybe you have seen me before without my noticing. Lots of times I was nervous to think you had to give explanations about me or answering uncomfortable questions. Others I thought probably months passed without you hearing or remembering my name. 

I was the one who looked out for you after the weeks and months of silence but it was I, too, who deleted you from Facebook. It wasn't because of hate or resentment. It wasn't so you could not know about me, it was so I could not know about you. With time I would think of you and look for you, I saw your life and it hurt knowing about you. 

Some days ago I finally cleaned the box of memories about you. It was something I avoided for a long time. I didn't want to read your notes and letters or see your gifts and mementos. I couldn't deal with the emotions and memories. 

It hurt reading about what you felt about me and your promises and cares and then think about what happened. 

'She left, she was the only one who left', I would think a thousand times after you told me in October you could not be my friend. 

In my anger I never thought about what I did to you. I didn't just leave you, I betrayed you. I showed you a mask and let you fall in love with it. I met you Ivan and tell you his story and secrets, you loved him and learned to need him and invite him to your world. You imagined a future with him. Even if with time you stopped loving him, he once was your best friend. And I took him from you. I took him from your hands and told you he didn't exist. 

Why would you want to be my friend? How could I pretend to ask you to stay and see him change and disappearing? 

Maybe you needed him or missed him the way I missed and needed you as my best friend. Maybe you found other friends who took his place, I don't know. 

I know we don't have any relationship anymore. In a way we were once best friends, but in other we're nothing more than two strangers. A lot of times I thought about sending you the friend request from my new profile as with all the people who knew about me. I never could convince me that it was a good idea. I understand if you want to keep not knowing anything about me. I hope it's not too late, if you already got over or left it all behind, to say it to you: 

I'm really sorry. I'm sorry if I hurt you in any way. It was never my intention to betray you or play with you. I regret that you got caught in the middle of everything that happened to me. 

PS I have your hairpins and the stamp and box with your name. They're not mine and never were meant for me to have them. I feel wrong keeping them and thought you might want them back. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-24
Words:   803
Minutes: 18

I did not sent the letter to Monica. In hindsight I am thankful I took that choice. It was the right one. It was another ill-attempt to ease my own conscience attributing all blame to myself and exonerating her from every sin in a begging attempt to not being rejected. It was pathetic. 

I took the less obvious choice, no explanations, no apologies. It might look hypocritical, but I don't really regret it. I sent her the friend request and went to sleep. Lot of things happened today, and even yesterday I did more than just that. 

I updated my profile picture and cover photo. The former one was the first picture I took from my date with Catherine, looking downsides to my phone in a serious and doubtful expression. "Have I done the right thing?" The latter, on the other hand was a game of shadows. Long legs and dark bodies, two hands in the middle grasping each other. Companionship and love. "By your side the world seems so small and I lose all fear. With you, I feel invincible". 

I went to sleep. No, I went to bed. 

I don't know how many hours I did rest. Again the thoughts and ideas about a conference got rushed into my mind, as if the possibility of me doing something like that was nearing. 

The alarm clock woke up at 5. I killed it before the echo and waited 20 minutes 'till the next one. There was a fainter, younger and weaker one. Like a chorus far far away. I went to shower and get ready. I did not need to shave. The machine, two touches next to my chin were enough. I put my bra after the shower. It's the first time I don't hide it. I wore make up, too, but just a touch, a barely noticeable veil that could hide any trace left of masculinity. 

We accompanied Miguel to leave him in the convention center. This time the whole family went. Until now I saw it as the two women going with the three men that went yesterday. Is that really how I see it? Am I closer to my mother, now? 

She came down the stairs as I was finishing myself. "are you ready?" she asked casually, without intent nor care. I think I heard her use the feminine form. I could be mistaken. It doesn't matter, though. I felt nothing, no strangeness or cringing or shame, only acceptance. 

The border patrol looked at the visas. I put them out of their sleeves so I know the order they were set in. My father's, my mother's, mine and then my siblings'. He looked at the first one saying it's name out loud at the same time his eyes looked for my father. He said the second's name and his eyes went straight to my mother's. When he got to my card, he said in a different inflection. It wasn't of certainty, it was of doubt. He skipped my face and looked at Luis besides me, and then Miguel. I raised my hand and admitted my former name. He looked at me and said nothing. He kept going. 

We ate breakfast at Denny's. After then my father took us to the beach. I walked through the rocks crossing the sand into the ocean. I felt the sound of its waves splashing and covering me. I looked at the whiteness of its spume and wanted to get lost in it. I could had kept going, hopping rock to rock until the very end, every slippery step a test of endurance. What would happen when I finally got to the edge? Would it be time to come back or would a final step into the ocean be the perfect ending? 

Are these hints of sparks of a suicidal kindle? 

No, I know better than that. 

More than a hundred people accepted me and looked for me and added me. Words like strong and brave and courageous and admirable. They mean nothing. It's being intelligent all over again. Sometimes I keep feeling like the dumbest imbecile in the whole world. An incompetent fool in charge of a whole universe. I'm weak and cowardly and scared and potentially hated. 

Nobody hates me, even though I want more names to add on the list to bury the one, no one seems to dare speak up. Why am I liked? 

What do they see that I can't? 

I could just ask Monica if she had accepted the request. 

I liked a picture of Omar and she was one of the three people who liked the 10 minutes old post. She liked another one. 

Should I cancel the request? Or should it die of age in her screen like a white flag rotting over islands of corpses. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-25
Words:   752
Minutes: 33

Why can't I last more than a fucking week without crying? 

The request stayed unanswered and I felt in limbo. Sometimes the falling is way worse than the actual impact. I read the drafted message countless times yesterday an in the morning. It was sent and seen by noon. Just sending it was a relief, the message was delivered, it was her choice to either read it or not. My job was done. 

In it I deleted most of the pathetic shit I regretted. I left just enough to feel apologetic and sincere. It was. I wasn't faking, it wasn't an attempt to reconciliation. I looked for her forgiveness. I guess I will never have it. 

I feel this whole range of emotions just now. 

She did answer. Is the impact really less painful to the time I fell? It's bee hit by hit. I had problems with guilt. I know I wasn't a monster. Why do I fee... No, I don't feel like one. I won't let her do this to me again. I apologized, she didn't. 

I feel this urge to keep crying, to scream to a pillow. This past months it was the feeling of rejection but now it's because I deserved it? What is it that I do? What was my so big mistake? 

I would prefer greatly that it was because of me. 

"do you still doubt that you hurt me?" 

Was it the time she returned from France? The request of my book  back. Does it even matter? 

She was no blameless victim, either. I can twist the story and play the martyr. That's what I've done my whole life. At least now I can leave it like this. Embrace the guilt for a while. If she can't or won't, I can forgive myself. 

Should I throw back blame? Should I say something? Anything? Is staying quiet not the same thing Ivan did with her? 

No, it truly doesn't matter. It won't change a thing. Her mind about my blame won't change. I'll forget her, eventually, maybe? 

Her hate... 

"I'm perfectly, I just don't want you looking for me anymore. Honestly, it's not your change, is that independently of whatever you are, it doesn't change the fact that you behaved like an asshole with me." 

It was a swift and straight stab. The blade felt cold and it slide like into butter. A quick and firmly shock of pain titillating across my whole body. It's not because it's true, it's not because it came from her, it's because what my guilt had always said. It's the echo of the sadistic voice that keeps me from sleeping.

I hope, with time, I can remember this and see it in a different light. 

Even thought the whole conversation was said as if I were two different people, I'm not. Ivan's mistakes and rights were mine. I wasn't another person, I was a younger and naiver one. I've grown, I've changed, and I'll continue to do so. I was right, I can't do anything to change what happened. I took responsability and apologized. I'll give her her things back, inside the box I'll give her the half keychain with her name in it and the date. 

It contradicts herself, when she both says I took her best friend mercilessly from her, and yet says it wasn't about the change but how I behaved? 

It's her problem. I know what I did and what I feel guilty about. 

It's done. It's done. 

No, the relationship is done, although it had ended for years. The friendship is done, although it ended for months. There is nothing left but memories, those nobody will take from me, not even her. But why do they hurt me so much? 

I feel the fresh tears rolling and falling on my neck. Will there be wet spots in my tank? Will they leave a mark on my skin like the acid they feel like?

Can I ask my brother and mother to delete her? Why? 

I won't look for her anymore, like she wants. I don't want to, either. Why does it hurt? Why did her words were like a twist to the hitting dagger? 

"Ok", I ended the conversation. Everything was said. She insulted me. She said what she had to say and I delivered my message. This is closure... Another one. The definitive one. 

Can I ask her to take her phantom back? Can I let her know about it? 

Can it be killed? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-26
Words:   779
Minutes: 72

It was a hard night indeed. I wrote the words after Monica's messages. "You were like an asshole to me". 

I cried like I hadn't cried in a lot, even for now that I'm under the hormone regimen. I talked with Catherine even though I didn't really want to. I felt like thrash. Guilty as fuck. It hurt that I had lost my best friend because of something I didn't choose nor control, it seemed unfair. And it hit me, a different outcome. It wasn't, honestly, my change, it was my behaviour, my actions... It was indeed, my fault. I lost her. 

I was enraged, but was it with myself or her? Her first messages had this hostile subtext, like a tasteless and odorless poison very well hidden. It was distant and cold, like a therapist trying to uncover the truth with loaded questions. 

"Do you still doubt that you hurt me?" 

After I answered them defensively and truthfully I asked her, a counter-attack, "Is that all you're going to say?". She hid her dagger and gave me a well meaning and sugary speech about how she wishes me the best and not any evil, it's good I live now like I want to, I got what I want, and I don't have to hide anymore.

I could spend hours trying to analyze her messages, follow the traces of her hits looking for her wounded scars. But what's the point, really? I did took screenshots of the messages, but by now they're deleted, just as the conversation. 

I made the mistake of continuing. Talking a little about me, a little about my feelings and guilt. It took her out of her preparedness. Her poison was uncovered. Her hits were dirty, until she finally told the truth. 

"I'm perfectly, I just don't want you to look for me anymore" That hurt almost as much as her insult. Was she defending herself against the accusation of intolerance? "It's not about your change, I don't care what (what, not who, what) you are, you behave like an asshole to me". 

It doesn't fit. In her arranged speech she prefaced the reason about not being my friend utilizing my own apology: "like you said, you took my best friend mercilessly from me, I can't be your friend." So I both took Ivan from her, as changing, and, at the same time, whomever I was behaved like an asshole. 

My actions, whatever they were, are worse than her previous ex, whom she's utilizing as a courier of her things. He "cheated" on her. They were in a 'relationship' and he was seeing another girl. They're still friends. I was an asshole. Ok. 

Am I rationalizing, now? Excusing myself because of the guilt? 

I cried almost the whole time from finishing the words until falling asleep. I didn't just delete the conversation and canceled the request. I blocked her from Facebook, I deleted her contact from my phone. 

I woke up by the early six and took pills for my headache. I grabbed her pictures and notes, my zippo and a white plate. I sat outside and burned the stuff. First it was the cardboard bookmark with song lyrics and a message. It curled and grayed like an aging head of an old man. Then it were some pictures, the one from the ride in Universal Studios. The one were we played in a garden fence in high school. The little yellow bird from Snoopy that she made me. The little notes. Everything burned and turn to ashes. 

Does it still count if I have it on video? 

I've seen it a couple of times, the faces disintegrating, the words "always yours" "I love you" "always your little bird" fading away and turning into dust. 

I sent a message to Valeria asking her if she knew something about me. She did see the profile a couple days before, thought it was a cousin that look incredibly like me, she even showed it to Omar. 

That's what she say, at least. Who knows. 

Does it matter? How many people had seen the profile and thought similarly? People on the street would see me like that and think I look amazingly like Ivan? Does that mean they see a woman? Should I be proud? 

Then not coming out would be staying hidden. People would never find me and relate to me. Not unless they clicked and got in. 

I thought about asking her about Monica. I decided not to. I should delete her from everything in my life. 

Tomorrow I must not forget the box. 

"You throw away the stuff 

We both were assholes

I apologized -Sofia" 




------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-27
Words:   806
Minutes: 19

Almost forgot to write today's words. I was already lying in bed and put my pillow over my eyes. I'm tired. 

I went to the beach. I put the alarm clock to wake me up near 10. Yesterday night I spent it chatting with Valeria. I asked her if she had known something about me before I came out. She had seen the profile, but thought it was a cousin of mine. After those kinds of questions and stories, I told her parts of mine. I explained the hormones and its uses and then my sexual orientation. It was nice, talking with someone different, having a new perspective of things. It's freeing this new feeling of liberty and openness. 

I played with Luis a little in the wii just moments ago. 

He just entered the room trying to tell me a new gossip. He opened the door and exclaimed "Ivan... I mean Sofia, sorry, it slipped... today my mother dropped two dishes of the green ones" 

I heard it. I had finished showering and was getting ready to leave for therapy. I put my shorts and a blouse with the long tail. The white bra underneath it. I look feminine enough. 

Catherine sent me a message that she would accompany her mother to some places. 20 minutes before I had to leave, she sent me another one that she was near bissu. I could pick her up and she would come with me to therapy. I did. I left and picked her up. Did her mom see me? Did I look feminine? Like a girl? 

We walked to Rene's and stop in an Oxxo in the way. 

"Sometimes I feel like the other one"... I asked her to never say that. She's not the other one and she wasn't. As Ivan I knew myself with her. We went to the hotel days after I broke up with Monica, yeah, but we didn't go with the intention of doing nothing sexual. We were going just to exchange clothes, try it out, experiment a little. 

I try remembering, not months ago, years. The first times I broke up with Monica it was so hard for the days to pass without talking. It was months before the last message. Another couple of days just passed. 

In session I talked about Monica and my public announcement. I asked my mother for change, to break me a bill of 500. She saw me with the clothes and make up. She said nothing about it, but as I left, she made no mention of son or Ivan. 

With Rene I thought of the possibility that my own transformation is a trigger to Monica's own sexuality issues. Maybe she likes me, she's attracted to me as a girl, too. That would be terrifying and confusing. She wanted to try it, and when she did, she wanted to do it again. Later when I asked her she said no. But the times of silence were because of me. In October it was because it was weird that I referred to myself as a woman. I asked her to respect me, to not tell me I looked like a freak. Maybe she was just trying to convince herself I looked bad. 

In Spain she asked me to not send pictures. 

It sounded very defensive her statement that it was not because of my change, it was because I behaved like an asshole. As if it were a reason to not like me. 

It's not my problem. It doesn't change shit. 

I won't benefit from her friendship. It's better to just let her go. 

We walked back to the car and Catherine told me she thought about it, too, but decided to say nothing. We drove and met with the gang in the park near the beach. Paola just said hi and then left. She had her first patient. Chevo left, too, to pick his car. 

We chatted and talked, both in the pizzeria and the beach. We bought chips and water and then a clamato with beer. The guy in there asked us for our ids. He grabbed mine and even covered my name with his finger. He saw the picture and return it. He barely glanced at it. I was relieved. Everyone talked about their parents and even I shared. 

I don't have problems with them. They're accepting and trusting. My father didn't rush me to get a job, my mother does not make an issue about my leavings. 

I am fortunate. 

Luis told me it's possible that my grandma might come friday. Will she say something? Will I talk with her? 

Will she call me Sofia? This Saturday my mom will go with my godmother to the vineyard. Will I dare to ask her what she said? Why would I want to know?  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-28
Words:   774
Minutes: 24

I should start the words now. I don't know what to talk about. My grandmother came from Mexicali. My parents left to pick her up from the bus station. I was playing Mario Kart with Luis. I was in the bathroom, drowning in sweat, when they return. For a moment I didn't know what to expect. They asked for me but said Ivan. I came down and she hugged and kissed me. She told me my aunt sent me a hug, too. Was it because of my post? They have not forgotten. 

I don't have to hide it. I can just live it. They'll follow my lead. 

Luis today started saying it more and more, even to my mother. I just needed to start referring myself as I want. Will I dare to do it in front everybody? 

My face is changed. It's smoother and softer. My beard is almost unnoticeable. 

Yesterday Paola reminded us of going out Saturday night. I was a little excited. It would not be like the last time when it turned sour after Catherine's ill-feeling and Anahi's lack of taste of beer. 

This time it's supposed to be all of us. The seven. When I asked Catherine about the clothes I could wear, she asked and then continued saying she doubted she would go. She doesn't have much money and neither much will. I felt disappointed. I did, I wanted to. 

After talking I was convinced it was going to end up awkwardly awful, too. Anahi didn't know that there was going to be all of us. She would be separated and down. She would stay with me and Catherine feel estranged. 

If she didn't go, there was no point in me going alone. 

When I hear my name, Catherine is the only that I truly believe. 

I asked Miguel for the game of Pokemon and to borrow his game boy sp. They're ready, next time that I see Catherine, I can give it to her. We can both start the game at the same time. The first generation of pokemon. Almost 20 years ago. I remember being in the church lectures and staying with Edgar and Jessica, seeing him play, talk about it. 

Today both of them added me on Facebook. 

Jessica posted the picture of her take of protest. She's officially a nutriologist. I liked her picture. Was it with that intention? No, it took me by surprise. Moments after that I received her notification. I accepted without delay. I received then an explanation, a message. She accepts me and wishes me the best. Hopefully accepting myself (feminine) will let me blossom to my full potential... or something like that. 

Even though she has known me almost all of our life, she realized you always learn something new from your friends. 

That's true. She was my best friend, for years, for a lot longer than Monica. Jessica left, too. No, she didn't leave. We both drifted apart, our families did. We shared our childhood. We played games in both our houses. We played videogames and watched television and went to theme parks and even shared beds. We playfully called each other siblings. It was really nice and I had forgotten about it. No, I did remember, just, didn't have it present. 

I was so busy thinking in the 5? 6 years? that I shared with Monica, that I forgot about the decade that I shared with her. She was, in a way, my first kiss. She wasn't a romantic love, but a fraternal one. A puerile and innocent one. We held hands sometimes, we saw each other cry. She saw me lots of times more than I did her. We met in preschool and shared the 6 years of elementary. We were in the same jr high the first year, and the same class the rest. We graduated and went to the same high school and were just friends, acquaintances. After her I met Monica. Did they ever meet? 

Yes. Once. 

Just like Catherine and Monica did. 

Catherine and Jessica were in the same class the first year of high school. They were not friends, just acquaintances. Like we the two years before. 

I talked with Diana. Would I dare talk to her again? Try to reach out, ask how her life is, remembering like I'm doing right now. 

In high school I felt isolated. I took myself out of every social circle I ever pertained. 

I only needed Monica, I was convinced. Now she's really gone, I should let myself open up. Reach out to those people who were close. 

Maybe tomorrow, maybe next week. 

Perhaps. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-29
Words:   820
Minutes: 18

I was in bed chatting with Catherine. We talked about tomorrow, were we going to go sell, would we go in the evening? Should we take a uber or should I ask my dad for a ride? Luis got in the room and sat in my chair, the conversation was showing in the monitor. Somehow the conversation turned into a different path. 

"Luis calls you Sofia" 

Seconds later, Luis said: "I try, to, sometimes I get confused". 

What? 

I saw him sitting in the chair turning one side to the other. Everything came together. Sofia, Dofia. He sees me. He comes and goes with the masculine and feminine. 

It gets awkward and uncomfortable sometimes. What would my parents say? Why would they say something? Everybody knows. 

My grandmother came yesterday after everyone was in their room. She hugged me while I was in bed. She kissed my cheek and assured me that nothing would change between us. She would always love me and adore me, and I would always be her little one. She hugged me again and finished saying that Edgar, as well, asked her to hug me in his part. 

Everyone is accepting and loving. Today my cousin Charly added me and sent me a text message saying he would support me. 

I can't help but feel surprised. Everybody was supposed to be prejudiced and irrational? Where are all those people who comment hateful stuff on the internet? Where are the people that would mock me or push me away? 

I know they are somewhere. Medrano, Alan, they were some of my closest friends. Other people from highschool and jr high. People from the family. More distant ones, sure. I don't miss them. 

Tomorrow I'll wear a dress and ask my dad to drive me. What if he says something? What could he say? 

I did not start the conversation with Jessica. Tomorrow my Mom will go with her mother. I told my mom I would go and sell the clothes I took out of my closet. I made no mention about my abhorrence to them or my wish to refill it. 

She might intuit it, but I have to say it. No, I want to say it. Not this weekend. Tomorrow I'll go sell with my girlfriend. 

I'll go make her company. When she told me the things I should take I felt anxious. I felt useless and incompetent. I could not stand beside her and sell stuff, I could not attend people coming and asking questions. I wished not to go. I could just go and put the bag in the donation box outside the neighborhood. 

She told me to go. She could sell them and I would just make her company. I was relieved but at the same time, uneasy. 

It's fine. I can let her have all of the gains. 

It's hot. The summer has come with its full blaze. The fan is turning spitting its air to the room, but it's not enough. I showered already and dressed in loose shorts and a thin tank. My body is changing and it looks weird now in this attire. My breasts are small but noticeable. My nipples are pointy and extremely sensitive. 

Tomorrow I'll wear shorts and a blouse to the swap meet. I'll return and shower and get ready. I thought about wearing the gray dress. I told Catherine matter-of-factly I would not wear the blue one. "I'm going to wear the sleeve-less gray one, the first one you gave to me. I've worn the blue a lot" She told me it was fina, I had a point. 

Later I mentioned I planned on putting on the red tights. "Yes?", she asked. I tried to sound sure and convinced and confirmed myself. 

I failed in my bluff and later confessed my worry: "you think I'll look bad, right?" She has a point, she doesn't like them. She prefers the other dress. The gray one is really short and the colored tights are noticeable. What if I look bad or grab too much attention to myself? 

She said that no, she had not thought that. 

I saw a picture of three years ago when we were in the Finances building, at the top floor, sitting. I had my hair longish for a man but comparably way shorter than now. I had a black scarce beard and mustache that framed the white-teethed smiled I showed the camera. I was broad but not fat nor big. I looked strong. There was some melancholy hidden in my small eyes. She was sitting besides me, smiling. Her eyes framed in black and her closed smile glowing. 

That was the day Chevo and Jessica met us there and we changed shoes. 

It was when she liked Ivan. She liked him like that. I looked good. 

"We made a cute straight couple, just as we make a cute lesbian one now" 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-30
Words:   798
Minutes: 23

I was with Catherine, sitting in the stand she put herself in front of the house that lends her the space. The clothes were lying on the floor over two sheets extended. There were some coats and dresses hung. Besides most of the clothes were the masculine clothes I took. Besides them a filled suitcase with the cheapest of all. 

I took the game boys so we could play in the dead time. We chatted, too. Some people approached us and called us girls. A couple of times I took both of our phones and walked around the block to incubate my pokemon Go eggs and see if I could find a new one. I gave three rounds. The first one was the shortest, just uphill and return from where I had parked in the first place, before I moved the car near Catherine's. The second one was the longest, I went to the other side and looked at the other stands and what they offered. A couple of people maintained their eyes on me, as if there was something weird. I kept walking, as if I had not noticed as if I did not care. 

I returned a couple minutes later when the stench of the food and cheap stuff was too much to bear and the halls seemed to become narrower. 

The last one was similar to the first but to the second block. There were some dogs so I changed streets. I had Catherine's iphone in my shorts back pocket. Mine I grabbed firmly in the palm of my hand. I noticed the two kids hanging by their fence before they saw me. The street was empty so their first call as "sir", hurt me. I kept walking as if I had not hear or didn't identified to the call. I don't know if it was the same one or the other one that tried again: "Girl"... I was a couple of steps ahead of them so I turn my head and faced them. I smiled subtly ceding them my attention. I can't remember which one was first. One asked me to approach them, and the other just said "Would you give me a kiss?". I smiled openly but shaked my head. I kept on walking. The one who asked me to approach them seemed mad, a little disappointed, perhaps? What was his intention, maybe he wanted to see me closer, maybe he wanted to tell me straight to my face. Would he nicer had I agreed? 

"With that face you look like a man!" 

I was perplexed. I kept walking. So, I had a manly face. Was it the smile? Was it the lack of make up? He talked about my face. Maybe they saw my breasts or smooth legs. 

He said I looked like a man. As if I were not. I am not. So was he validating in his obnoxious and bratty way? 

I was doubtful after that. 

We left a couple of minutes shy of noon. We stopped in a Chinese restaurant and order a lunch for the two of us. Nobody turned at us and nobody made any faces. The waitress welcomed us without any mention of gender. The only thing was the face of the bill going straight at me. Was it a sign? Was it just the insecurity awaken because of the two brats? 

Some minutes ago, my grandmother's shadow tapped my shoulder from the door. I turned as she approached closer, with the intention of saying something. Was it going to be like when I arrived and she talked with me some minutes about the food she prepared and the chores she did and the spiders she found. "Luis came to me yesterday with his phone and told me 'look, nana, what Sofia posted about me'. She said the name and it felt weird but not in a bad way. Like a scurry tingling crawling in my veins all the way from my fingers to my heart. 

It wasn't. This time was more direct. She came as close as she could and asked me straight to my face. "Sofi? Do I call you Sofi, my love?...
 I was dumbfound. I smiled automatically. It was an autonomous response to an unregistered stimulus. She said it again, and this time it made perfect sense and I was able to answer mutedly. I nodded with the most shy eyes I've ever showed. She confirmed it as she hugged and kiss my cheek. It's going to be hard to get use to, but I'll be Sofi, her love. 

And I thought I smiled like an idiot when the gas dispatcher called me "miss" twice as I left, even after hearing my voice. 

I should be getting ready to this night out. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-07-31
Words:   988
Minutes: 24

I left the room just like that other time. Miguel and Luis were downstairs like the last one. I hid my legs behind the kitchen counter, although my torso and face were completely visible. I opened my red lips and asked him if we were going to pick up my mom. He replied with the question of what time I had accorded of meeting my friends. 

Miguel was going to stay. Luis stood up and I saw his intention of going with us. I felt relief. I wanted to hug him and thank him. Were we going to pick my mom before? Would she see me? 

My father said no more words to me in all the trip until we got there. He told me to take care. I thanked him and got off. I sat in front of the fountain, waiting for the rest. There was a girl with earphones and net tights. I glanced a couple of times at her. Was she alone like me? How wasn't she bothered? 

Catherine and Anahi came together. They were the first to arrive. We sat where I was for a couple of minutes. They talked about pokemon and I felt as lonely as before. I was a little hurt by my father's avoiding eyes and his scalding silence. 

We went ahead to El Tigre and sat in the table next to the entrance. We were going to order when Paola S arrived. A couple of minutes later, Paola A got to us. 

It was a fun night, we talked and laughed. I felt comfortable in my clothes, in my skin. In every bar we were asked for our ids and yet nobody made even a face with mine. They kept gendering me correctly. I used the ladies' bathroom in the last bar where we smoked hookah. Paola told us about her break up. Anahi was the first one to leave. The rest of us left at the same time. 

The first bar was El Tigre, we drank a liter each. I finished Anahi's. From there we went to Zenzontle. We drank pulque and Paolas, beer. I tried some of the nachos. I bared the cheese. We accompanied Anahi to the crossing strip and then returned to the hookah bar. 

We took our respective ubers. Everybody was awake her, it was early still. Luis was with me in my room. It was weird the sensation of taking my clothes. A week ago I would do it without a second thought. Now, he said something about my breasts how he saw me flat when I left but there he thought how good for me and that the hormones were doing its thing. "Of course I don't mean anything, you are my sister" 

Today we were in my bed when they returned from the park. First was Luis with me and then my mother came an lied between us. We talked about our phones and pokemon and stuff in general. I could notice in the earrings she had in her hands and the couple of tries of sending Luis away that she wanted to tell me something. Finally, after my grandma called her a couple of times, she showed me the earrings. "They are hand-crafter of a white and red stone, do you like them?" She handed them to me and I looked at them. I smiled shyly. "For whom?" "Well, for you?" I felt uncomfortable and vulnerable, I shake my head without erasing the smile. I handed them back without any malice. She laughed. "They're long? How do you like them?" I started my answer when she completed them herself: "You don't have earholes!" She laughed out loud and said she could do them herself. She asked my grandmother. "For whom?" "For Sofia". 

They sat at the table and even though I am not really hungry, I sat and ate with them. I asked my mother about Norma. She started saying how Jessica (I wrote an M... as if I were going to write another name) was thinking about getting breast implants. 

Then continued about me. Hormones, maybe she could take the same and get some growth. 

"she's been trying to change the way she addresses me. She wakes in the morning and says to herself that's going to be the day she calls me Sofia. Ivan comes out instead. I don't blame her. I don't even blame my dad for answering her when they were at the beach and she asked him for him to say that I would always be Ivan to him. 

I get it. 

"I see her and I see Ivan, wearing Ivan clothes, It's been so many years and it's hard." That's the reason she asked me about shoes and clothes later that day. 

She was upset that I had not told her about posting it. It was impulsive after long moments of hard consideration. I did what I had to do. 

Norma read it a couple of times. She was perplexed, she did not what to say. Would she call, send a message? Would she comment there or add me? 

My uncles contacted my mom this last week to show her their support. My grandma told my mom, and made her cry, her eyes got misty as she recalled it, how that same day of the post, both of my uncles and Fernando, their friend, reunited by the pool to drink, tall, and even cry? 

My future, my life, how I've been living. All of our lives, my whole family, how would my dad take it? 

How could I bare living like these all those years. 

My godmother asked the same question, how could I excel at so many things and be a perfect student and feel as lonely as ever, with these emotions for so many years? 

And I thought for a long time I had no reason to cry. 

How do things change.  

