------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-01
Words:   837
Minutes: 27

I should sleep right now. 

Tomorrow morning, just breaking dawn, I'll have to rise before everyone and shower. We will go to Ensenada to the meeting. It'll be the third time we go there. The first was when Juan Carlos invited us to seeing him in a presentation of his doctorate investigation. It was the first time we went somewhere just the two of us. We didn't remember, but it was our first day out. She has a picture of us, sitting in the bus. We look young and innocent, naïve, neither of us even imagined what our future would look like. It was just finishing fourth semester. Or was it third? No, it was before Anahi dropped out. What we thought was our first meeting was when we went to the run with color race. That was next semester, in 5th, when we took the optative class of psychology of the masses. It would be awkward, we both feared it. We were nervous. Maybe we forgot about that first day out of the city. 

We have traveled before. Alone and together. We flied by plane and explored a city. Now it's just a congress. 

My bag is almost ready. I finished my book and I won't start the new one yet. I'll maybe take the game boy with me. She has the newer one. I lent it to her. She has passed all of the levels in the super mario game. Today I started playing the pokemon one for the first time since Spain. I've tought about deleting the thirty-three-hour gameplay and starting again. 

I'm a child but grown. We have just moved. Recently we have been coming little by little to habitate this new house. It has several furniture and its smell is of something new and artificial. It's our new house but it's not a home yet. My father is in what will be my parents' bedroom. He's shirtless and doing housework. Am I helping him? No. My brother hasn't been born yet. Luis will be his name but I don't know it yet. I don't know either how close we will be 12 years later. That's not even my age. I will be 11 years old when he's born. I am in elementary school. We don't live here yet. I see by the window and look at the van parked in the house crossing the street. Will they be our neighbors? We will play with those children? We will. Their names are Christian, Marco and Karina. The oldest is two years younger than me and the younger boy is the same age of Miguel. 

It's my birthday, they have come to congratulate me. Christian sings the happy birthday song in french. Did I just turned 11? Margarita is the name of our neighbor next door. She gives me a climbing toy that I put in the door of my bedroom. By the time I leave this house to go to Spain I'll have had been in every bedroom but my parents'. There is something in Christian. Something weird about me. Later my mother will tell me something I should not know. 

I am in the Ovies' house. We go downstairs and their mother, Adriana, is crying. "Why are you crying, mom?" Christian asks. "Because I love you very much and was just talking about it. I'm not a teenager yet but I can sense when something is not being said. My mother will confirm my suspicion. 

Adriana and my mother are talking in our front door. They think I'm not listening. It happens a lot, a lot of things are said in front of me and I hear them though they're not said for me. "He's not gay. The psychologist already told us, he asked him if he liked girls and a lot of questions, and she said it, he's not gay." 

My mother is seated in our table. The lights are dimmed and I don't know why we're alone. She'll tell me now, I don't comprehend the seriousness of what she'll say. She starts talking about that same story of her cousin. A girl trapped in boy's body. He roleplays as wonder-woman. He dies. What does it have to do with everything? She thinks Christian is like him. Christian was raped as a child. Karina, too. Marco was the only one who wasn't. That's the story which made Adriana cry. They'll leave months or years later. I'll miss them but forget them. He will turn a normal college guy according to what I'll see on the internet. He wasn't gay and probably won't be. 

"You are not a man" I said with some other words and some other intentions, before he gave me the finger and left. I knew things I shouldn't. We kept being friends until their departure. 

I was not a man, then. Did I know I wouldn't be? Did I suspect anything of what would happen? I doubt it. 

I was a child who knew things but ignored feelings. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-02
Words:   767
Minutes: 20

"do your words" 

She is standing right in front of me. I know deep inside how when she finishes undressing and putting on her t-shirt, she will come and look to what I've written. "I'm like this when I chat with you" she says as she climbs to the bed and ties her hair. We are in the hotel room. The air cooler is on and humming in the background. We are in Ensenada. Andrea has posted on her facebook the day of her party. I can't remember if it was yesterday or the day before, how I wanted to wear the costume. "I was drunk with sleep, and I really wanted it" "Now you don't?" "I don't know, I do, but it scares me" 

I'm in the bathroom, I've finished drying and the clothes are on the toilet. It's a little after four and a half in the morning. I put deodorant and my underwear. Everybody is asleep. We will leave early. Miguel will enter the bathroom just as I step out of here. He'll finish in the time I shave in the downstairs bathroom. 

I'm in the bathroom but it's not morning, there are clothes on the toilet but they're not my jeans and shirt. 

I'm on the chair writing, she has come and kisses me on my neck after she took my shirt and put it in the rack behind me. I type the words as her hands explore the way from my breasts to my neck. She kisses me and smiles just as she leaves. 

The clothes are not what I'm wearing as I write. I'm in the bathroom again, naked. There is underwear there but the rest is not something I've ever worn, not after showering, not for going outside. There is a skirt and a blouse. In my bedroom stays the necktie and robe. I will go the party. I will go dressed in the girl student's Hogwarts' uniform. I'll be Hermione and she'll be Harry Potter. 

Andrea posted the date of her costume party. The 17th of October, the day after our return from Mexicali. Will we go? I told Rene I knew it would end not being. The occasion would never come and it all would stay as a fantasy. 

I dreamed about it. "I will go to a costume party" ... "as characters from Harry Potter with Catherine". They asked about it. What will you go as? Oh, will you be Harry Potter? "No. She will be. I'll be Hermione" What face did my parents show? What was their reaction? Why don't I remember? Maybe she would laugh and make an uncomfortable joke. She will say the same stupid shit I know she has said. "If you say you like boys I'll cry" It wasn't me to who she said it, but it still hurt. No, mother, I don't like boys. That would be easier. That could be hidden. I hide what I do have. I hide who I am. 
Did my father sighed and moved his head just as when he saw me putting a bobby pin on? Was he disappointed just as he felt when he knew I was taking antidepressants? 

I doubt those were their reactions. I wouldn't have still wanted it if they're where those. I dreamed of the party, too. They would see me. I wouldn't have to hide, I didn't have to change in the car. I could put the clothes on just as I stepped out of the shower. "Will you want make up? Foundation? Eyeliner?" She asked. Do I? Did I dreamt that, too? 

What where their reactions as they saw me? Chevo and Jessica would have know. They would understand what we were really doing. And Paola? Would she laugh? Andrea? Would she recognize me? Would everyone? 

How different would I look? 

I felt I looked different. I sensed it. I saw me in the mirror, I looked at myself just as I waited for her. I was wearing the blouse and my leggings. After we finished and dressed ourselves again, I put it back on but with those jeans. I let her see me. I don't have to, she does. I did let her take a picture. Several of them. I saw them today. I knew I'd like them and wouldn't. I did, and didn't. 

There is something on my face. There is something in my body. She liked them. Part of me liked them, too. But what is that other part? 

Is it the part that would make people recognize me if I dress for the party? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-03
Words:   766
Minutes: 32

"Luis is no longer with us" 

Today he died. My mother told me in the pick-up when I arrived to the bus station. "Finally", was it a bad thought? Does it make me a bad person? He was suffering, he was sick. He's resting now. No, he's gone. 

It seems banal to write about the rest of the day. I ate twice but feel my stomach full. I've drank two glasses of ice tea. 

Yesterday we had sex again. Twice. She tied my hands with my leather belt over my head and used my tank top to cover my eyes. She penetrated me after I did it to her. I teased her with my lips and fingers, tied her, too. She lost the mood and dried up close to the end. Neither of us knows what happened. Then she tied me again and then was when she covered my eyes. She put two fingers inside of me. 

We showered together and did it again. I put my fingers inside of her while I caressed her soapy body with my other hand. She moaned behind her drippy wet hair, under the shower. 

In one bed we fucked and in the other we slept. 

We took pictures in the hotel room. She took them, from our faces, our torsos and our legs. We were in panties and t-shirts. Mine white and hers orange. Hers were man's. Hers were mine. 

She didn't like those pictures. Not really. She said it after we finished our breakfast in the university there. Three burritos and salad. Hers of steak and mine of beef. Hers had cheese. I couldn't finish the three of them. 

"You look like a good girl with that face and your hair that way". She was brushing her hair on the bed in which we had fucked. I asked her to dry mine with the towel. 

It was 5 in the morning when I woke up and turned of the fan. I walked to the bathroom and returned. I lied down behind her and put my arm around her and my leg between her thighs. We would wake up a couple hours later. 

All day it was about walking. Yesterday we just had to walk ten blocks, from the university to our  hotel. We walked a couple of them later when we looked for something to eat. We had seen Orozco in the hotel. I saw him first and he recognized us and said hi. He introduced us to her wife. Today, after our breakfast, we saw Graciela. I saw her first, too. When she found us from over there, she moved to wave her hand. We'll see her Monday. 

Catherine told me she thought about buying another bracelet. We could buy one from every place where we would travel. I haven't taken mine off. I shower with it, I sleep with it, I touch myself with it. 

Yesterday's workshop was about data analysis with a new software. Today's was about the use of research as a tool to choose a therapeutic model. 

We were in the closing act of the encounter. They gave the prices for a contest which we didn't know about. They, again, presented us the names of the coordinators of the different participating universities. Catherine took a picture of the two of us holding our pass in our lips. 

We were sitting in the workshop, the computer lab, when she asked me for my pass. I took it off and gave it to her. She took her pen and accommodate herself in a position for writing. I asked her not to draw anything, I wanted to keep it. She told me not to worry and started. I saw the date. "I love you -Cathy". I saw the same date written the same way on her own. I returned the favor and wrote the same. She was worried, too, and confessed she thought I would have drawn a dick. "I love you, too. -Sofi". 

We walked from the hotel to the university, from the university to the bus station and again to the first street and once again to bus station. All times with a heavy bag in our bags, part of the last stretch I carried both of the bags. 

We ate in the place we had planned. We took pictures again. I take a lot of pictures for one who doesn't like them. I asked her and liked more than she. It's a little funny and a little sad how I expect to see something on there that I don't see in the mirror. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-04
Words:   755
Minutes: 23

"Cassandra, Cassie" 

I was wearing a robe, a black robe with shadows of gray. I was flying, escaping from the machines following me, shooting me. It was a different planet. Enormous, sandy rocks glowing in orange. Big clouds of dirt. I was inside the building and there were more people. Almost everyone was wearing the same type of robes. I was in a line, hiding in the tumult. The woman behind me found interest in me and asked me questions. Have we met before? She explained the differences between the two races. We were superior, she explained. She thought I was one of her own. She treated me as we had known each other intimately. How was it that I realized? Did she said something or was it something I saw? She was me. She had a red robe and short hair. Her face was soft and her smile calm. Her eyes were round and intense. She was younger. There was some  pictures in her hand, her girlfriend. She met her recently and showed her to me. There were different images of the same girl. That girl I knew. Blonde, light skin and big eyes. The girl was Monica. 

Today was yet another Sunday. I woke up in the early morning with the sounds of the rain. I closed the door and covered myself with the darkness. I went to sleep again. The rain continued until I got up and took the pill with breakfast. 

I tell Catherine my dreams. There were a lot of them. Vivid and strange. 

When people stop smoking marijuana they start dreaming again, their body, their brain, tries to compensate for all the REM sleep it was deprived. They experience really intense and lifelike dreams. 

The last days I did not sleep. It's not the first time that I dream extensively after dreamless nights. The first was the one when I said the names. Then I was in school, angry and in problems, hated. Later I was powerful and dangerous. I was the one who hated. Then I was in a party, persecuted by a woman, until everything froze and I had to escape for my life. Finally I ended in a different planet, meeting myself and her new and old girlfriend. 

Escaping, fear, anger and hate. 

I feel tired, exhausted. I wish I didn't have to go to school tomorrow. I want rest. I don't want to be behind the deadline. I haven't done the work. We didn't to the items nor the indicators. Again Catherine and I have done almost all the work. Why can't they do their parts? Why can't once the classes I was supposed to like be the ones I enjoy? 

I didn't remember that Friday was going to be the workshop of Thanatology. What did they do? Comfortable clothes and markers were the materials. I felt relieved when I heard. I don't like movement or drawing. I don't like being exposed. I want to be seen but hate being noticed. What the fuck do I want? 

I just took my second pill. Since Thursday I was taking just one. I think I fell worse. Not the worst I've been, but worse than I should. 

I can't say it to them. Not about myself, not about my depression, not about the costume, not even about my fucking pills. I'm scared, but of what? 

What is it that I fear? What will I gain when I tell them? 

Rene told me how I could say it in parts. I told him why I wanted it, "so I don't have the burden of the secret". 

I don't want them to call me names, I don't want them to call me her daughter. I imagine it and feel fake. When they call me Ivan or their son, at least I know it's what they believe. It doesn't mean anything until I tell them. After they know, I have nowhere to go. 

"How do we call you?" How do I want to be called? Who do I want to be? I ought to be me, but who the fuck am I? 

What will they say? What will they think? How will they look at me? 

"If you want me to call you that way, I could, too. You just have to ask" 

"Would you call me if I ask it of you?" "No. I'd try, but my brain would go back to the old way. I'd have to see physical changes" 
 
Catherine ordered the costumes. Will I wear it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-05
Words:   755
Minutes: 23

"I sound like a boy" "I like it this way, you sound like me" "You don't have a boy's voice" 

Today we were supposed to be yelled at. She should had reprimanded us. We didn't do the homework, we have done the literature analysis. Victor and Andrea have not done their part and the professor had to put all of us in our place. They didn't show up to the class. She called Catherine and me to go and look to what we have done. She congratulated us instead. She likes the way we work. We are so methodological. The work I do is not enough and I am congratulated. 

I upped my dose. Two pills, one in the morning and another just moments ago. Did I dream something today? 

I'd put the bottle in the table just in front of her. "Did my father tell you anything? I am on antidepressants." I thought about it. I considered it. I want to do it. What is stopping me? 
"I have been depressed. All of my life, really. It all started in highschool. You may remember when I got in the late shift. I lost a lot of weight and didn't eat. You and my dad threatened me to take me to the doctor. You asked me if I fell sick. I wanted to die. 
It was a year, kind of. It was hell. Never knew why. It made me feel guilty exactly because I had no reason. I didn't know why it came, just as that it left. The memory always haunted me. I was Monica's boyfriend and it brought us a lot of problems. With her I ought to feel happy. Why didn't I? It all came back when we broke up, you remember that, too... It never left. It was just hidden, buried deep inside of me, covered with a curtain of artificial happiness. When Monica left, everything came back up again. At first I thought I was just mourning her. Maybe Monica cured me and with her gone, my happiness was, too. I was wrong, She was just a mask. With her gone I had to look at myself. 
"It was a moment of changes. Anahi, my friend, dropped the school. Paola, my other friend, was almost as gone. I had to stop going to therapy. Catherine and I were going to leave. I realized I didn't like what I was doing. I didn't like anything: my career, my body, myself. I wanted to go to Spain and leave everything behind. The fear wasn't of what I was going to leave her, it was about what I was going to return to.
I think I never told you how I almost didn't go. Catherine's therapist knew. Catherine unintentionally said how I was sad and my history of suicidal ideation. It was an alarm. There were signs and red flags. I shouldn't be unmonitored. I was going to therapy and didn't talk to you. You didn't know. I almost didn't go to Spain. A couple of days before were the most anxious I've been all of my life. Even with my visa and everything, even on the plane, it was unreal. I wasn't calm until I slept in Salamanca. 
Spain was the best and worst I've been. When I came back, just like with Monica, I was 'cured'. I was fooled again. 
Everything came back. You noticed, I'm sure. The slowness, the sadness, the irritability. I don't know if you saw the red eyes or heard the crying at night. That's what I've been working. I needed help and he gave it to me. I've been taking the pills. It's almost month and a half. We are trying to find the cause. The root of it all." 
We have found it. That's the safe thing to say. 
"I don't like my body. I don't like being me. I am not me." 
"I am transgender." 
"The cause is my sexuality. I'm not gay, but I don't like being a man." 
"You remember when you get upset as I say I will never have kids or don't want to be married? I don't like the idea of being a father. I don't want to be a groom. I feel like I can't have kids. I don't even like having sex as a man." 
"I'll go to a party in two weeks. It's a costume party. I'll go with Catherine. We'll go as Harry and Hermione. We are not sure yet who is gonna be whom." 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-06
Words:   773
Minutes: 27

I am in class. Vinicio is talking about the Brief Therapy of the MRI in Palo Alto. Catherine is behind me. Has she started playing on her game boy? No. She has my phone but I don't know it. It starts buzzing and I hear it. The thought of her having my phone doesn't cross my mind. "Her phone makes that same noise, too". I keep listening of that same analogy of the girl and her breakup. The one who makes an altar to her ex and recites her thank you note as a prayer. 

She asks for my attention and gives me my lady's wallet as Anahi called it. I take it and put it on my backpack. My eyes go back to the blue slides. Not a lot goes on until I hear and feel the notification of a new text message. I take it out and open the notebook. I see on the upside of the screen. "Nena" it says. But what catches my attention is the screen below. There is a text there. 

"Sofia", it starts. 
"I want to be with you, in your good moments and your bad ones, specially the bad ones which everyone leaves and even yourself don't want to be with you. There is when I want you to have my company and my support. 
"I want to be with you in silence, in screams, in crying and in calm.
"I want to share with you my life, my dreams and my fears; I want you to let me share your life, your dreams and your fears. 
"I want to share my home, my room and my bed with you. Let us be in our most vulnerable moment and sleep together. Let me take your hand to go wherever we want. 
I love you. 
Catherine." 

Cinematico is going to close. That's the place where we saw Mr nobody together and Chevo saw us. There we went with Anahi and Yarely on her birthday. We went to their first location us three. Anahi, Catherine and I. Then it changed location and we watched different movies. From Ex Machina, to the start of Birdman and the complete Her. There was the first time I saw Catherine after she returned. 

This week will be their last. Tomorrow we will go. Did we go there on my birthday? I can't remember. I think we didn't. We went to Argana. The grafografo was from where she got me the gift. 

I took two pills this morning. This is the higher dosage I've taken. I felt some of the initial secondary effects. There were some trembling and excitation, but not much else. Did I have a difference on its primary effects? Did I got a high? 

I've been thinking, ruminating the idea of the costume. A skirt, the leggings; a blouse or a sweater. Make up, shoes. What to do, when, where. I ask her to calm my nerves. To figure out what is it that I really want. She tells me she doesn't know. She told me but I heard Monica speaking. "I don't know" I don't care, stop, STOP. 

I told her my worries and thoughts and she listened. We waited in her car until the night kicked us out of school. Would her mother make her a skirt? Would she make me one? 

We went to the first class. We were going to expose the death rituals of Middle East. We were going to arrive early so we could study the slides before. She gave me the things of Ensenada. I put on my black bracelet. There is two now on my wrist. Ever since I was a child I like wearing watches. I used to wear them on my right wrist. There were comments that that was the place where women wore them.  I have to train myself to use them on my left hand. Why? It wasn't natural and it really wasn't the idea of being seen girly. I wanted to fit in. There were times when I stop wearing one. Until university I bought a mechanical one. Later, on my birthday before going to Spain my parents gave me another one, which was the one I wore there. It was a Christmas gift. When I returned I stop wearing it and came back to the small one as I stop ignoring what I felt. 

When I got to accept it and felt the pressure of time I stopped it using it altogether. After Guadalajara I wore a red bracelet instead. Now there is a black one, too. Maybe after Mexicali, there will be a third. 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-07
Words:   767
Minutes: 26

"Can I take your plate, young man? And yours, lady?" 

Today was going to be a long day. The class wouldn't start until five in the afternoon. We would have all morning. We did. 
Yesterday she told me she'd pick me up at half an hour after noon. I know I dreamed something but I can't remember. I woke up early in the dawn. I remember turning and tossing in bed and feeling this longing of asking her, confirming: "Am I a woman? Am I your girl?" It was a need, a longing that hurt. 

I woke up with that familiar sensation. I chose the leggings and my brother's shirt. Every piece of clothing was black but the shirt. I went upstairs and got in the bathroom. I found that face again. She saw me from the mirror and smiled. Her eyes glowed behind the dark brown curls. I wanted to wear that face and show it to the world. If I had to pick a costume I'd prefer to take off the mask and show that face. I imagined dressing in that scholar uniform and long black robe. Would they see that face? Would I look like her? If they'd recognize me does that mean that I look like everyday? Times and moments like those are the ones that make me sure to dress like that for the party. 

I showered and shaved and the face disappeared. Do I put on a mask preparing myself for going out? Is it an unconscious mask or is just a cold slap of reality that erases the illusion? 

I tried to iron the shirt and decided to wear a gray tank underneath. Just as I type this words I remember the sick feeling on my body accompanying us all along the day, the tickles in my throat announcing the sickness to come. Will I get sick? Did her illness come to me in her kisses? Were they worth it? 

I waited for her and went outside. She welcomed me without a mention of my clothes. "That clothing" was how Rene called it. 
We're driving to downtown. She is talking about something. My hand brushes her thigh, up and down. The fingertips barely touches her pants. After several trips I grasp her hand and take it to my own leg. "I didn't say anything about them on purpose. I wanted to see what you'd do." 

We are sitting on a bench on street "La Revolución". We are outside a dance club. There is a sign on the window stating wednesdays as Ladies night. I feel comfortable besides her. She makes me feel comfortable in my own skin. People's sights touches me even less than my fingertips did her legs. I see their eyes and I don't mind them. I wanted the feel feminine. I wanted to dress girly. Maybe that's were the reflection came. I wouldn't have wore a dress or the blouse. Why not? Would she had said something? 

Cinematico cafe is closed. It was closed when we arrive half an hour ago. It should be open by now, but it won't be. We'll walk there and come back to eat something a couple blocks ahead. 

We are sitting in Colectivo 9. We browsed the different locales looking at the menus. Do people notice me? What is it that they see? Mirrors are deceiving. They show me fantasies of what I think I look. They show me this morning's face or the other one. I see how I want to look or how I fear I look. Where is reality in that scale? What do they see? Why can Catherine's view be the real one? I want to live in her reality. I want to believe it. 

We have chosen our food. The same old thing of always. The classic, as it is named in their menu. We eat and I attend to everyone's words and eyes. Do I want them or fear them? Why do I dress like this if I fear to be seen? What is it that I expect? 
The food is ready and both of us walk to pick it up. "The waitress can take it or you can take it yourselves" That genderless, lying "you". Do I thank it or hate it? 

The waitress will see me. "Young man" Was it the reason I feel tired? In the beginning I wanted to be unnoticed. Now reality hurts me. Maybe that's why. If it hurts me to be mistaken in leggings, being wearing a dress or a blouse and still be unrecognized will kill me. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-08
Words:   787
Minutes: 26

"Good afternoon, ladies" ... " Hello, ladies. You can exit now, see you later, my girls." 

I feel sick. My nose is stuffed and my throat hurts. There is water leaking from my nostrils and my ears are humming. 

I am in bed, is almost midnight. Or is it morning? No. I have no windows but I know it's late. Catherine is asleep. It can't be. I fell asleep sooner. What is she doing that I am lost again in my phone? I waited for her to finish the reports before going to bed. I have my phone in my hands and again I look for her. I did escape from Facebook to go away from her and her pictures and her ghosts. Why do I look for her? It's an habit now, enter in the search button and touch her name. Avis parva, it said. She changed it. I named her that. Little bird. She was my little bird. She is neither a bird or mine. Monicakes_21. There are no new pictures. In all of them she is smiling. Who is the one taking them? Is it him? Probably. Does it matter? Five weeks, I think it is. "I signed up in Instagram." "What a faggot". She made an account after we stopped talking. Was she looking for me? Did she find me? What made me go a step further? I saw him in the people who follows her. Am I Follower if I look for her? Can I be fugitive and a follower at the same time? I entered and look at his pictures. Europe shots. Old, older than hers. There was no life, only history, until the last picture. Her smile, her fucking deceitful smile. The smile that promised me heaven and threw me to hell. Has it ever been the same or did it die with our story as her name? The picture was her sitting in a restaurant, fork and knife in hands. Her eyes looking at him taking the picture and smiling. There is a headband in her hair, little stones reflecting the flash. Her black dress hugs her chest and there are little white dots that mirror her milky flesh. 

My body is sick with the flu and my head is sick of her. Her memory poisons me. What has she done to me that fills me with so much hate? What did she do that is so unforgivable? Was loving me such a crime? 

Catherine picked me up and took me to therapy. I waited for Rene. A couple exited his consultation room. What stories does that room has heard? Is mine important? Is it noteworthy? 

I brought a thermos with mi filled with tea. It was scalding hot, and it burned me all morning. I talked. What is it left for me to say? My uncle is dead. My mother hit when I was a child. I felt unloved and unworthy. I wasn't abused. I felt I was, but wasn't really. Is there a difference? 

I am sickened by my family's habit of hiding stuff from themselves. "Not saying things" I described it. What a hypocrite. My main problem is that I can't say what  I want. 

"Ivan, what are the symptoms of depression?" Luis asked me. Did he listened? Of course he did. He is eleven, not an idiot. He might be smarter than I was at that age. Is it maturity that lets me admit it? 

I denied him an answer. "I don't know" said the almost graduated psych major, the antidepressants taker, the melancholic, suicidal, closeted trans-girl. 

We saw our patient. Now I was the one who applied the tests. A four year old inattentive boy. He smiled and laughed and I saw him and his happiness and I envied him. I always thought I never enjoyed my own childhood. I wasted it. I didn't have it. Was it because it wasn't the one I wanted or is it just me focusing on the problem and looking at my past with a pink-tinted googles? 

"Nobody has confused me recently" I told Catherine. They haven't. Not even with my hair untied and the leggings. To them I was still a young man. A crossdressing young man, and effeminate young man, a faggot. 

The old security guard welcomed us to the parking lot. Ladies he said, and we listened. I gave him my back. I dreaded the moment he'd see me and correct himself, and apologized. Why should he apologize? "Because it's a mistake", their apologies scream. He didn't. Not being seen is what made him say it again when we left. "My girls" he said when we leave. We are not his. Are we both girls? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-09
Words:   759
Minutes: 25

"To whoever wants to, we can open the casket so you could touch his hand"

I'm sick and the week is almost over. My parents and Luis are not home. They have arrived by now in Mexicali. My uncle is dead. I saw a dead man today but he wasn't him. 

What started as a fantasy is now becoming a reality. We talked about it two years ago. In Halloween we could dress up, she could wear a suit or something formal and I would wear a long dress, a formal gown. We would play innocently with genders just like we were doing inside a hotel room but now exposed. It never came to reality. I went to Spain and came back without those feelings. I don't even remember Halloween of last year. 

This year will be different. We had gone to the United States before. The first time I went alone was with Catherine and Paola and Anahi. Later we went just the three of us. More times I would be with Catherine alone. The first time I was exposed outside was in the other side of the border. I was in the Jack I frequent with my family. I entered the same wrong restroom and changed in a stall I'd never been before. I came outside of there as I had never been outside before. We stood in the bus stop under the rain. Those would be the first droplets of  water that would wet us as we kissed, as she hold me, as I were myself. 

This year, by the end of the month, the fantasy came again. Anahi was the one who asked us to go somewhere, do something, dress up. 

They said we were Harry, Ron and Hermione. The idea came up and we would take our roles. It was an idea, a fantasy and a dream, just a what-if. We talked about different things. I went with Catherine and the other guys to some bar. The idea stood in my head and was with me all night. 

I said it to Rene and told him that I knew it would not happen. Why would it? Would I dare? 

There will be a party earlier. Just next week we have to go to Andrea's meet up for her birthday and a costume is mandatory. I got cold feet and decided I would wear pants, leggings would be my limit. How stupid to think that I would hide myself in a different costume. What a waste of irony to let pass the opportunity  of being exposed in a disguise. 

I couldn't let it pass. Catherine asked her mom yesterday to make her a skirt. Would she make one for me, too? Would I dare to ask? What happened when I did?  

Today in the morning she was going to ask her. Share with her the idea of playing with gender. She couldn't. Her mother was busy, she left, someone else came. She could ask later, but realized something. The excuse was that, an excuse. "Did I mind that she told her everything?" She could say about the disguise, about us, our relationship, my pills, my depression, my situation. 

It freaked me out. I wanted to, I'd been thinking about exactly that. Like the disguise, it was something that I desired but feared at the same time. 

I can buy women shoes and asked to be made a skirt. She could say no or she could say yes. I hadn't thought about the measurements. I would need to be there, seen after her knowing, stand in her hands and be measured by my waist, hips and the length of my thigh. While she told she put her hands on my body and I felt hers. 

She argued with her. There is nothing to eat in her house. She ate a hot dog with me in the gas station. Her mother brought her a plain hot dog. It's the same situation of not being told when there is nothing in their house. It exploded in a rain of demands and failed expectations. I feel pathetic asking her about something. With what face will Catherine share my most intimate secret when they can't have an intimate conversation. 

Wednesday we will leave to Mexicali. My parents will be at work and I can't leave the car in the parking lot. What can I do? She offered to ask her mom to give us a raid. I don't want to be picked up, how can I expect to be seen? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-10
Words:   771
Minutes: 23

"She sensed something queer about you. You never presented yourself as a manly, masculine man. There was something 'delicate' about you." 

They're gone since yesterday. A little more than an hour ago my mother replied they would be leaving in an hour. I wanted to go to the United States to buy mousse and black shoes. I told them I didn't have a pair of black shoes, which is true. I didn't mention why I needed them 

Catherine sent me a picture of herself wearing a black robe. "It doesn't close but you are slimmer than me". I thought it was hers. It was mine. Everything came. She has both capes, the ties, everything. There is almost everything for next week. 

A message was in our group this morning. Paola doesn't know what to dress herself as. The conversation grew and there were different answers. Jessica would try to be The Catrina. Chevo doesn't know. May be her partner wearing a similar costume of death. "Do you know what will you be?" She asked. 

"What would we answer?" I just had asked Catherine. "Hogwarts students". Maybe we could tell them we would be Harry and Hermione. They would assume themselves and they would assume wrong. Did I want to be asked which? I ought to have known they might. They didn't. They still doesn't know. 

Since yesterday Catherine was going to ask her mom about making two skirts. After that favor was when she thought about telling everything else. Everything she said but the think that gave birth to all. 

I am in bed playing with my game boy. I am playing pokemon using a female character. It's weird reading the narration of the game calling me by my name. There was a voice message of before. After I sent her the pictures of me answering the question "are you a boy or a girl?" "What's your name?", she told me she was happy for me. Proud. I changed and it was something that she wondered if I would ever do. In her own voice she told me how she imagined that I would never do that. She saw in me how I viewed it as something forbidden, something impossible. It all started with the 16pf test. 

I am sitting in the outside of Liliana's practice. I'm on the couch in the waiting room. Catherine is inside with her, probably crying. There is music in my ears and the piece of paper in my hands. I have to answer this. The instructions say to be honest, "there are no wrong or right answers". Every test says that, and people always lie. I lie. I should not. Let's not, I think. I look at those first questions. Those are supposed to be the easiest and yet are the most uncomfortable for me. Name and gender, is the test asking me, waiting for me to lie to it. Tell it what it's supposed to hear. The "right" answer. Fuck you and fuck them. No one has to see this. For a moment I forget about the world and I answer honestly.  "I can change it later", but I'll forget. 

"It was the test, and later your words and now your game. As the time passed you've said it or put it in more places. That your name is Sofia. You are girl, a woman." 

I think about her voice when I receive her new voicemails. One by one they are coming. She warned me she had told her mother everything. Later would she tell me and later had come. 

She sat her mom and told her she'd been trying to tell her something. She used me as a starting point. "Do you know what transgender means?" Then she completed her mother's answer with my name. 

Everything was acceptance and support. A little visage of truth escaped but I don't know if she saw it. "Don't get yourself 100% involved" her mother warned her. "Well you are now 100% involved, but don't be 200%..."

Her father's comments. Her Mom mentioned them and said how she'd told him to don't spit unto the air, cause it might fall on his own head. "He even worried about you being in a relationship with him" 

"I thought about telling her that 'no, of course not'; then I just smiled and said 'yes'. That's when everything fell to pieces" 

She sat and asked for an explanation. "How, how does that work? If he's transgender, what does it make you?" 

"I'm bisexual", she said. 

She's said it now. I haven't even mentioned I have a costume party next week. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-11
Words:   774
Minutes: 22

"National Coming out Day" 
"I know you are not that coward. I'm glad you said it now, in person. Whenever you want to tell your Dad, you feel ready. If you want I can tell him. I won't say anything until you tell me you're ready."

I'm out. I'm seen. Finally. 

Catherine showed her mind yesterday to her mom, hours before the NCOD. I could have said it, too, but they didn't arrive. They came today in the breaking dawn. I could not had said it. I had no voice. My throat was mute and my chest full. Now it's all said. 

I sat with her in the table, just like that first time when I wanted to say it. I asked about the funeral. My aunt's reaction, and her sister's party. We talked about death and grief. I opened up a little about friday's trip to the funerary. I let the door a little open. Just enough to let a shine of light crept in. 

I am in tears. My nose is watery and my eyes are glasses-less and filled with red emotion. I see her and I stand up. I extend my arms like a little child asking for love. "Please love me" I beg with my gesture. She hesitates because of the abnormality. She stands and receives me. I cry even more. Little droplets of water fall unto her shoulders as the raindrops did in the Pride Parade. She mumbles something hidden in both our sobs. I feel her own tears as her hand comes up to her face and cleans it. She Thanked me. All of our life she felt the distance between us and the weight of letting her hug me. My ask of love brought her to tears. 

I could narrate what I said and fill today's quota. I could even use this as a draft of what I will tell to Catherine. But I don't really feel like it. 

I did ration out what I had to say. I chopped it up in little pills filled with information and burden and emotion. I had a dosage for a couple of weeks. Today was just the start and saying of the party. 

"I have a party on Saturday. It's a costume party" Open up with that, let the bait and wait for a catch. 
"What are you going to go as" 
"I'm going with Catherine, we'll go as Harry and Hermione". Just enough facts to be classified as a truth. Just enough information without precision. A vague and comfortable confession. The ball would be on her court. Would she answer it or let me win? 
"Which is going as which?" Might she joke playfully and let me give the full confession. Until then I didn't have to worry about the consequences. The plan was ready. It was foolproof. 

I started differently. "Did my dad never mentioned anything about my pills?" 
We talked about that day. What I said, what had happened in highschool, in my childhood. The first depressive episode. The dysthymic life. The sadness that has been my companion. I made her cry and thought it was because of me. She screamed to my dad. She questioned him when he did tell her. "Did you know about Ivan's antidepressants?" I remember the saying that I trust her more. That I say things to her first. He assumed everybody knew but him. This time he assumed wrong and suffered my mother repressed and recently caused fury. She was guilty of it. Talked about the idea of not saying things. Keeping everything bottled up and letting it spill. 

I opened up a little, and a little more. Just a little bit. I feared the well would broke and cause an inundation. I talked about Monica, I talked about the time before I left for Spain, the anguish of those days; I talked about Cathrine and about us. I talked about a lot; but not that. That remained in my chest, in my restless leg and my trembling had. It was in my throat, like a hand suffocating me. 

I can't remember what was it. I asked about my own childhood. What did people said? How did I look? Was I expecting some assumption? Girly, sissy, delicate. Something classic and cliche. I talked about my hair and then cried and let it out. 
"I don't like my body" I had said. 
"The think that came up on those tests was Gender" I started. 
An hour later I had talked about everything but the party and the costume. 

Catherine missed by hours the NCOD, and I, unintentionally, was just in time. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-12
Words:   787
Minutes: 28

"I always said they were princess' locks" 
"You are a woman who behaves like a girl, and I love it" 

Today was my first morning. I rose with the sun and I was free. I couldn't stay asleep. I tossed and turned filled with energy and emotion and life. I saw the first half of a movie about death. 

I listened to her voice, her messages. Twice to the narration of the conversation she had with her mum. I heard her nervousness and raw emotion in the trembling of her voice as she started. I heard the breaking of her words and the birth of her tears and sobs. I listened three or four times to her explanation about me saying my name, showing myself. 

I remembered my own confession. I hated that word, even the idea of it. I wanted to distance myself to the sensation of being in a confession both and telling my sins. I hated both of the times when I told, when I showed myself to Chevo and Jessica. It was good for me, but it hurt. 

I sent them a message today. Everyone was talking about the drinks we would bring. I opened a new group when we arrived to the classroom and thanked them. I wanted to take their offer. I want their support. I want to tell them, to show them. I want to do it on my own terms now. I started by telling them that my mother knows. They haven't seen it. They haven't answered. It hurts showing and not being seen. Even if it's just for a few hours. I know I shouldn't, but... no. 

I talked with her this morning. I didn't. I talked to her. She wasn't here. It wasn't her. Today I didn't saw her and I missed her. I talked to her ghost but she didn't answer. I told her about my mom, about my feelings, about my pills, about Catherine. I hated her, I confessed, but I don't anymore. I miss her again. I miss telling her stuff, I miss showing myself to her, even when it hurt. I don't want her back I just want her close. 

I don't miss my girlfriend or my little bird. I miss my friend. Monica, my best friend. 

What would she say when she knew? 

I picked Catherine from her house. I drove her to her therapy. This was her first session after her last. 101 sessions. I'm scared of looking at my own notebook. Seven? Six? Three? What will I do when the time runs out? 

My mother took a gigantic weight from my shoulders and then another one I didn't know I was carrying too. She told me how absurd it was for me to worry about a job or a scholarship when I still deal with my own self. Should I do that? I shook my head whenever she talked about accepting myself. I don't want to accept it, I want to change. I want to fit. Not in society anymore, in me. 

Forget about the world and their views. Be happy, she said. I didn't know what that was. Is it the answer? Is Transition the way? 

I woke up light and my back ached. Even now there are hot flashes of pain shrieking in my spine. Did I grow so accustomed to the load that its absence sickens me? 

After therapy we went to look for shoes and sweaters. We found both but bought any. I bought mousse and she make up. My parents know of the party now. I told her what I missed yesterday before she stepped in. "Good bye, guys... and girls of the * club". What Catherine says in session is confidential. Would calling me be a breach of it? Then what happened the first day? Yolanda saw me as her sister. If Catherine hadn't said it, I would never have known. How may times have people seen me a certain way that I never noticed? Why do I care so much how I look in other people's eyes? 

What is reality? Where is it? Is it in my brain? In the mirror? In their eyes? In Catherine's? 

I couldn't try the shoes in the swap meet. We tried the sweaters in Wal-mart and I, the shoes. 

What if Andrea's friends say something? What if they see me in a certain way and they're loud about it? It would fit in my story being lifted of something and starting happiness just to be slapped and thrown away to the pit when I least expect it. 

Does it still count if I do see it coming? 

Is it my fault if I still go through it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-13
Words:   769
Minutes: 29

"I don't hear you like a boy. Maybe that's why I said your voice is sexy, because I hear it rusty but not manly when you use that intonation, like Mariela's" 

Today was the second day I felt free. The pain was even worse than yesterday's. I watched the second half of the japanese movie and wrote the essay on my bed. I was lying on my stomach typing in the laptop. I slept by three in the morning. I woke up early in the morning again. How is it that I feel happy and full and my back aches? Why without the load on my shoulders is my body suffering? 
I turned and tossed and chatted in my phone with Catherine and Anahi. I kept sleeping a little more and at ten I rose. 

I put a foot on the ground and whenever I stepped with the other one a flash of pain blinded me. I couldn't walk. Why is it that when I am free to move wherever I want my body stands in a fixed position? I was scared. I was supposed to drive today. Catherine offered to drive me. I took two pills of advil and one of febrax and two of my life pills. I moved and kept moving. I walked to the living room and back to my room. Then another time, and another. I didn't want to stop now that I moved. Why today? It happened after Las Vegas, later, again before Guadalajara, now days before Mexicali. Will I be able to go? What will happen with the party? 

What will happen before the party? What will happen there? 

I am so intoxicated with anticipation of Mexicali that I forget what'll happen next. My parents know I have a party. They don't know it's a costume party, neither do they know that I'll go dressed in a skirt and white blouse with which my bra can be seen. What will people say when they see me? What will they see? 

Will I dress in my house? Will I dress in my room or in the bathroom? Will I exit covered in a long sweater or with other clothes over it or carelessly exposed? 

Will I dress in her house? Will I put my clothes in the bathroom or in her room? Will her dad be there? Will he say something? 

What if someone says something? They will say something. People talk at parties. Will that something be about me? Will I be recognized? Is being recognized being seen as whom I always show or who I am? 

Today she picked me up and drove me to school. I forgot the little tube of advils and my iced bottle of water. She apologized for not having washed the white blouse I tried yesterday. It fits. I looked at myself as how I will almost look. The blouse fits, the skirts fits. My legs are narrower and the blouse is loose. The bra is seen through the cloth and my chest seems swollen with it. I saw my shoulders wide. They are the widest part of my body but they're not exaggerated or the first thing you look. I looked fine. I took a picture and sent it to her. Then another one. Almost everything looked good except my face. My face wasn't bad, it was just the same. The same long nose, the same pronounced brow, the same shadow around my mouth. 

"Will people notice me? Not that the won't know that I'm a man, but will me being one will be shouted to everyone?" 

If I sleep on the floor today I won't sleep again in my own bed until after the party. After tonight I won't sleep alone until then either. 

We went to eat to that same place and she took me to my same home. We stayed in the car as we usually do and talk the way we do. 

I sent a message to Chevo and Jessica. I opened up to them. They know about my mom and congratulate me and thanked my trust again. Were their words empty? I've told that I'll dress as Hermione to Anahi, that I finally told my Mom to Chevo and Jessica and that I'm on antidepressants to both of my parents. 

I wanted to tell, to say those three things. I wanted to just say them and get them out. They're out but I'm not satisfied. I want to tell someone else. 

I want my best friend to know. I want her to know all that and that I miss her. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-14
Words:   756
Minutes: 27

We' are in the hotel room. My hair is wet and in her hands. The brush whispers as it passes through my locks. Is she reading what I'm writing? Does it matter?

We arrived here after 3 in the afternoon. I woke up early again. It's the third day that I can't stay asleep. I can't keep writing, the sensation is distracting me. Since we left to eat we asked for two extra towels. After returning I asked in the lobby again and for the internet. We stayed in bed for a while before she called again. We are both showered and the towels never arrived. 

It's midnight, tomorrow I'll leave. My back still hurts. I put the unused sheets in the floor and lied on them. I'm on my back but I can't rest. I turn on my side but it's the same. The hard floor is supposed to help with the pain. I miss my bed. I'll miss it more the next days. 

Catherine arrived after noon. Her mother did give me a ride. I didn't have to move the car. She's now braiding my hair. The buzzing of the phone keeps grabbing my attention from the screen. It's not the first time she does my hair. She has done it once before. I asked it. We were in the hotel near her house. The other one was on Pride as we lie on the grass in Balboa Park. 

I washed the blouse yesterday. This morning I ironed it after showering. I wouldn't be able to Saturday after returning. I have less than 6 hours in the afternoon to get ready and leave for Catherine's house. I haven't decided what I'll do with the clothes. Whatever I decide I don't want to take the blouse and enter the closet of my parents to get it ready. 

My hair is done and now she is doing her own. She's standing behind me and I can see her reflection in the mirror over the screen. I can see myself, too. Why does it scare me to look?

I was going to stay in my white underwear as she got me ready. I couldn't. She proposed that I could wear my own t-shirt as when I sleep. I put the gray dress instead. I can see the straps on my shoulders. 

She's kissing my shoulder as she looks and laughs. 

Why does it irritate me the messages of my parents? They asked that I tell them tomorrow. I was on another country by my own, it's just a couple of days two hours from home. I feel like there. 

We went to eat chinese in the plaza next to the hotel. There is a Hooters, too. We could go there. It's more probable to be seen here than in Tijuana. No. I know more people there. It's the people here that know me more. 

We had sex. We will again. After my hair I'll put make up on and the mask we bought yesterday in the sex shop. She showed me a picture of a netted half mask and asked me to tell her if I saw some like it. After school as we passed the Office Depot to go to my home, we saw the sex shop and decided to enter. We looked at the stuff and the costumes. I saw some wigs. I want my hair longer but I like it enough. And there, hidden under some other costumes there were one black and a couple whites. We didn't buy shoes nor a sweater, or tights. I didn't mind buying to of the masks, one of each. Mine is the white one. It's on the table next to me. I'll wear it over my naked eyes and then colored. 

Will I like me? I know she will. But will I? How different will I look? 

"Then he'll ask you to style his hair or apply him make up, until he will want to be with another man"

I don't want to be with a man. I want to be with her. I like being penetrated by her. I like being hers and only hers. 

I don't know how much or if I'll like what I see. Why, then, did I ask her to take a picture of us? Is it for me? Maybe I want to look at me in a different time and a fresh state of mind. 
Or is it that I want to show the image to other people? 

Who? and why? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-15
Words:   781
Minutes: 27

"When I imagined the masks, I saw this view in my head." "Do you want to take a picture?"

It was another of those posts. Several paragraphs explaining she will keep herself and the reason why. I've seen several of those and they irritate me. Some of them are true, others are just teenagers screaming for attention. There is nothing wrong with that reason, but I'm sick of reading how they will never be a pretty girl or be validated and want to off themselves. I usually ignored them. I read parts of this. There was a link with her picture at the end. She had long hair and a black t-shirt. She was wearing glasses. Was she smiling? I can't remember that nor her name. It started with A. Was it Alice? What was the thing that made me stay with her face? 

I got one distraction already looking at myself in the same mirror I couldn't look at yesterday. Today I'm topless in front of the computer. Catherine is lying on the bed with my t-shirt covering her breasts. 

Yesterday we did it. I wrote about the first time. We went to eat, but where? Right, the Chinese restaurant next door. We brought two plates with leftovers. They stood untouched until this afternoon. What did we do later? Why is my memory so foggy? 

We showered before anything. I wrote about this. I wrote yesterday's words while I was dressed and her hands where doing my hair. It's coming back. I finished. She went back to the bathroom and left the masks. I wanted it, I wanted to not see my face. Keep it hiding. Changed it. I took the mask and worn it before she came back. I lied and let her believe I hadn't seen myself. I wish I had not seen myself. 

I asked her if she wanted me to curl my eyelashes. It was not the first time I've tried. The last one was the day we were in the hotel. I was going to try it but I can't remember why. I wanted her to do it. It was something that I had to do myself. When she tried to do it, I closed my eyes. It was just like the times when I tried to put the contact lenses on. The eyelashes got in the way, and when touched I closed them. I had to do it myself and I tried. I stood in front of the mirror and got closer to get a better look. I can't remember what exactly but there was something I didn't like. I felt hideous. No, I felt wrong. 

Later that same day, her phone slip through my fingers and landed on, and breaking, my lower lip. If I felt ugly, now I would look the part. 

Was I scared yesterday when I took that thingy and went to the bathroom? When I stood in front of that mirror in my underwear and look at that same face? Was I scared it would be that same face? 

How did I do it? 

I put the mask on again and we continued. 

We took pictures. I, of her with her hands over her head and her eyes closed. She, of me with my mouth on her lower lips and the mask over her mound. The two of us together, black and white, kissing, touching, being one. 

We had talked about the idea of taking pictures or recording. It would be something that maybe I'd do, and even enjoy. Later, sobered up, I knew I wouldn't want to see it. 

We did see the twenty-some pictures. We were ready to sleep and saw them and commented them. 

There were some I didn't like. There where others she didn't. Some she liked, and some I did. 

I saw them different times throughout the day. 

We woke up in the early morning. She showered first and later I would. I asked her to because I would have to shave, I tried to sleep a couple more minutes but couldn't. I tossed and turn like the couple of days before. 

I grabbed the phone in the night table and looked for new messages or notifications. There was nothing new and I opened the reddit app. I touched the refresh button. I can't remember the title but it was from 4chan. It was a joke, but I didn't read the green text first. No. I saw a familiar picture. I've seen this picture. I remembered as I started reading: 
"Why did the tranny stepped in front of the truck?" 
"Because she wanted to be a real grill"

She did it.  She is dead. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-16
Words:   821
Minutes: 23

"If you get ready in my house and made up, are you not nervous of being seen by my father?"

Time flies as we stand and look. We have only one night left. The coursework is over by now. Tomorrow we'll return to Tijuana. Just a couple of hours for unpacking and shaving again and I'll have to leave for her house to get ready for the party. 

The excitement has been evolving into a different kind of anxiety. I don't have the costume. I ought to get ready in her house. I can't leave from my house in just a blouse and a plain skirt. That's not a costume, that's women's clothes. She apologized when we talked about it and I could see in her the doubt and fear. She confirmed before the offering. It was more of a resignation than a proposition. Why do I want it so much? What of it is what calms me? 

Not only that. I can't even think of being seen by my parents. I think of escaping from the house to go outside. I'll be with known people and unknown alike. I'll most surely be looked, pointed, laughed at, by the end of the night. What part of it is it that I'm excited about? 

She woke me today. Was it her fingers or her lips? We didn't finish. It just the initiation and a promise of what will happen next. 

The day's in the university was short. There were some videos, a couple of names of articles and the rest of the tests. The certifications were ready but Catherine's had a mistake. We ate. We looked to what to eat. 

There is a Ciabatta place in front of the hotel. Next to it, it's a little italian restaurant that makes empanadas and choripan. I tasted it in Guadalajara. There will be a congress in Guadalajara next year. 1200 pesos until the end of the year. Four days. The hotel stay is cheap, with a rate of 700 pesos by the night. We thought about the future. It's different wondering about what'll happen next without that familiar pressure. 

My back is getting better. Am I getting used to the relief of everything? Liliana asked Catherine how she was after she said everything and had cried. She was thrown in her chair, with her arms over her knees and the head dropped. "I feel tired" It looked. She was just as a person after a long workout, with the tiredness pulling her body to the ground. "The work is done, now it's time to rest". 

I did it. Now I don't know what to do or feel. With what do I fill this empty hole where my secret hid? 

Is it that what scares me of tomorrow? 

We were in La crepería, sitting in the couch at the corner of the unlighted room. We looked at yesterday's pictures once again. They weren't yesterday's. Yesterday we went to the Mexican place where we drank Margritas and I ate a green pozole from Guerrero. 

It's been two days since the pictures. Catherine put it as display picture in her instagram account. She feels that familiar need of sharing it with someone. Wanting something to be seen. 

They played a song before the live band started with the show. Crazy, from Aerosmith. I liked that video. The scenes came to my mind like a memory. There is history with it. I would show it to Catherine later. It made me feel funny whenever I saw it. I would look for it and see it repeatedly. There was something in it I was drawn to, something that made me feel queer inside. 

By breaking end of night, we lied on the bed with her tablet looking videos. I played her that one, and then we played the t.a.t.u. one with the russian girl kissing under the rain. 

"Was it because of the two girls?" She wondered before I said anything. There are suggestive scenes of sexual nature. I didn't like porn videos. I looked for something different. What I was shown didn't make anything to me. But that video, seeing the blonde girl with her skirt and blouse, seeing her with Lyv Tyler in the hotel room getting ready, or them getting to the club, one dressed in men clothes and the other dancing on the pole. I liked them, both. 

Catherine's video was the first one she saw that made her feel doubts. Even before Nayeli, she looked at that video and wanted that, some girl in skirt and blouse to kiss under the rain. 

"I liked it, too. I used to look at it and feel confused, intrigued. I thought I liked her, but again, I confused the feeling of want someone and wanting to be that person. I thought it would be impossible to be her" 

"But you are now, you are my uniformed girl". 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-17
Words:   848
Minutes: 18

There were pictures again. Yesterday we went to Hooters after I finished my words and she lied asleep. We put on our clothes and left. 

I am sitting at home in front of my monitor, typing on my usual keyboard. The day has come and I won't use the clothes in our house. I think I'm going to change pants. I'm wearing jeans right now and thinking of what will I do if I don't do it. What if I change my mind? What will I do or wear? Everything is ready. The bus was late and we left Mexicali at 2 in the afternoon. My parents picked my up from the bus station before Catherine's father arrived. We did stops, though. I got here a couple of minutes after 5. I showered and shaved. I didn't shave well enough. I don't look good. I have this dark cloud of thoughts from which rains phrases of hate. I won't look. They will laugh. Everyone will say something and someone will do something. 

I've looked at myself. I have reasons to think I'll be fine. I want to do this. 

Tonight I'll sleep alone again. 

We didn't see any familiar face in the restaurant. The burger had cheese in it. I ate it anyway. I told her how there was a time in my life where I hated pickles, mayo and cheese. I ate her pickle, my fries with mayo instead of ketchup and I didn't return the burger. After finishing we went to the supermarket and bought condoms. There was only a flavored one left. Vanilla. The one before was chocolate. They were 49 pesos the cheapest trojans. We almost picked those when I saw the 5 pesos ones. 

We payed and went back. The days before there had been a lot of german people. Blonde, tall. How is Johanna? There has been months since we have talked. Is her mother ok? Is she? 

Yesterday there were Sonoran students instead. When we returned there was a group of them outside, screaming, drinking. Some talked to us but I didn't hear what they said. I ignored them. They made me think of the mexican girls in Portugal. 
"Don't let her slip through your fingers. She's a great girl, there are not a lot like her." "She has a boyfriend." "...So what?". 
Johanna didn't went to Portugal. That was in Granada. Helena was in Portugal. 

We bought a bottle of water and returned, finally to our hotel room. We showered together. No. I did it first while she cleaned up the room. I waited in the bathroom until she finished showering and then she covered my eyes and guided me. We touched each other. She tied my hands and my legs, then I did hers. 

No. 

She put make up on me. We took pictures. I curled my eyelashes and she put make up on my face. I looked at myself. She put the mascara and then the eyeliner. She didn't like it so we cleaned it off. The form of my eyelid doesn't go well with it. I should try the pencil, but that I had to do it myself. I did. Then, lipstick. I had seen myself. I saw me too at the end. It wasn't something bad. It was new, different. It wasn't, though, the change I hoped. She put the mask on me and then did what we did. 

We took pictures in front of the mirror. Our faces, our smiles, our eyes. I kissed her cheek and left a red signature on it. Everything is captured. I would... both of us would see them until the end. 

We touched each other. Everything went well. 

"After this can we try penetration?" 

It was an innocent question. It wasn't her fault. It wasn't mine either. I lost the erection. I don't want them, I don't ususally need them, but I do for keeping the condom on. And I do need a condom for penetrating it. There was something in the idea that I didn't want. The vanilla one that I was wearing was a pain to take off. 

I said yes. I try to have another one and asked for her help. She penetrated me but I hesitated. If I orgasm, I won't be able to even try. 
She did it anyway. And I got one. I tried putting one of the new ones, but it was impossible. I was 20 again in a room with Monica trying to put it on. I was a man again. I was a man with a painted face, a broken penis and a confused mind. 

I couldn't do anything to avoid crying. 

After that, we saw the pictures. Like the time before, we saw one by one and said "yes" or "no".

I've never liked a picture so much as I liked several of those. I looked at them and it wasn't a change that I look. I saw my smile and my laugh. I saw my eyes, and in them I saw myself. 

Will I look like that again? 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-18
Words:   865
Minutes: 18

"There will be two Harry Potters in the party." "...but, she's Hermione." 

I dressed the part but not at home. I left with the bag on my shoulder and the clothes in it. Dark pants with squares and a red shirt were the clothes I wore until I get to Catherine's house. I was nervous. I changed pants because of it. Maybe if I didn't like it I could put the pants on with the blouse and it wouldn't look abnormal. It was my backup. 

I arrived a little after I confirmed my presence with a text message. Catherine waited for me outside and pointed at her porch. I understood that she wanted me to park just in front of her house. I was sixteen again failing the driving test. I was sixteen again breaking my mother's flower pot. I didn't know it, yet. 

I couldn't get in and she waved her hand. I didn't listen but knew something was wrong. I felt it as I pulled out. I finally roll down the window and she was exasperated. I had knocked down the rocks with my car. Why did I enter? She never told me to put it in there, I could had just parked on the sidewalk. I didn't roll down the window, I didn't listen. 

"Will your father call you off?" "Not me". Now he would see me all dressed up. "The faggot drives like a woman, too." 

I was sad. I felt anger coming from her in her sight, her words. How would I dress now? Ever her dog was mad at me again. 

It passed off. I took the clothes out and put them on one by one. The thights, the blouse and the skirt. Tucked in or out? The necktie. No, too tight, a little looser. She did my hair. It was time for the make up. She wanted me to do it. I did it almost all the day before. No, I didn't. I wanted to look good, acceptable. Now I'd be seen. I sat where she did my hair and she put it on. 

The shave was imperfect.  There were spots here and there like little hints of the "truth" I'd try to hide. I knew the make up wouldn't cover them all. I just want them to go unnoticed. 

The phone rang and she had to picked it up. I could do my eyes. I've seen how. It was her father. Her mother had told him to go home right now. She was alone with me. There were messages from her, too, to her cellphone asking her why didn't she answer. She knew they didn't needed her. 

I finished and then she did. We took pictures and she posted them in Facebook where Chevo and Jessica had posted theirs. Harry and Hermione, it said. The capes were not on. I was smiling. I think I wasn't wearing lipstick. Would Monica see it? She had stalked Catherine's posts before. She looked at my stuff just as I look at hers. Would she look Catherine's in search of a glimpse of me? Does it change a thing? 

We drove. Her father didn't see me. We would go to an oxxo first. It's not Halloween and people noticed us. There were girls and other people who looked our way as we entered. They smiled, commented. We looked our parts. And went for what we were there. Two girls were dressed too. Catherine answered their question and they turned, seeing us. Andrea and her friend from work. She presented me with the wrong name. "The sexes have changed. They don't matter now" Something like that was said and unnoticed. 

I had glasses and looked as a man still. The cashier make his observation and Andrea's friend corrected him in a whisper. Was that what I want? 

There were almost no people in the party. Her boyfriend received us and recognized me. Why was I surprised? Everyone would do. I had to remind myself it was just a fantasy. 

I looked for our friends out the window. Without the glasses I saw only bodies. I mistook them a couple of times. I looked again and I heard something as I thought it was a mistake again. "Ivan, why don't you say hi?" They recognized me, too. They weren't surprised. We had said we'd go as Hermione and Harry. The sure had suspected it. Paola, on the other hand did make a face when she was just ritght in front of me. Was it surprise? Was she going to make a comment? Was it just all in my mind? 

They took pictures. All of us. A couple of them are in instagram. People commented and liked them and the one Catherine posted in her house. 

I liked them but not as much as the ones from the day before. One of them is on my phone. Another is on my instagram page. Will it be seen? Will it be liked? Commented? 

Will Monica look at that one? Does it show sufficient physical changes? 

"We all wear masks and the time comes when we cannot remove them without removing some of our own skin"

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-19
Words:   793
Minutes: 34

"You are a couple of pretty girls" 

She came for me. She was late because of traffic in the boulevard. She took the other way and got to my house fifteen minutes before the start of her session. There would not be Psycholinguistics today. I woke up early. Maybe rising in the morning turned itself into an habit. 

The picture of the masks was public. Only five likes it got. People saw it but ignored. Did they? Maybe they didn't ignore it. What could they say? What reaction did they get? I wanted to avoid reactions, I wanted to say things and let them know without me seeing their reactions. Now that I got that I wanted the same thing I avoided. 

I put another picture of Guimaraes. The church and the statue. It got several likes and not much later surpassed the other one. 

Only two people I know liked the picture. Catherine was one and the other one was Anahi. "My likes are precious". I wanted to ask her. "What did you think? What did you feel?" I wanted to know. It felt pathetic the idea of asking the only person from which it got attention. I went to sleep with that idea in my head. 

I dreamed several things. In one of them we went to the zoo. My grandma and mother were in there. There was a line and they had to register their purses. I can't remember what was the problem. There were other ones. The cashier or host or entrance guy. The worker there started convincing them they had to do it. But it was not the only thing. He started saying of the lines to enter. There was a line for men and women. He pointed at me and continued "and your boy, that has a bit of both, has to pick one." Something of waiting in a circle and got in later. My parents saw the idea idiotic. Why couldn't I get in the boys' line? I put a face like it was absurd, too. But on the inside I felt flattered. I felt noticed. 

When I woke up, the idea of asking Anahi wasn't so absurd. No, I wanted to say something else. I wanted to tell her of my name. Then it was that I settled for mentioning the picture. I thanked her for the like but I didn't ask. Again I put myself in front and offered myself but not asked what I wanted. 

That had to change. It has to change soon. 

I accompanied Catherine to her therapy. She gave notice that she would arrive a little late. It didn't matter, she told me. The next two hours are when Lilliana goes to eat. She entered and started. She could talk about what happened in Mexicali or Saturday in the party. It could be about the messages of her mother. It could be about a lot of things. And of a lot of things she talked while I waited. 

I played in my gameboy. I lost another pokemon. It's funny how now the little losses hurt a little different. 

Chevo liked the picture. I saw it and liked it. Did he notice? What did he see? What did he think? Was I recognized? Did he see me? 

I didn't tell Anahi but I did tell my brother about my costume when I arrived home. 

Before that was the only class of today. We skipped Vinicio's class again. Will that get us in trouble? We went to the beach. We ate pizza and then Argana. The menu is different. There are new plates, too. When the server asked us if we wanted hookah he asked for our ids. It's been a long time since the last time we went. 

My brother will go in costume to his party the day before Halloween. I showed him my cape and he asked if he could borrow it. He'd play me a match in Smash for it. "What pants did you wear?" 

I told him I wore no pants. "We went as Harry and Hermione" "Which one were you?" 

I didn't answer. Or was my silence answer enough? Did he laugh? Did he say something. When I offered and win the match for the idea of he going as Hermione he told me people would laugh at him. Nobody laugh at me, did they? I found it funny how that was his concern and then remember that it is my worry too. 

I didn't tell Anahi my name but I told, kind of, my brother about my costume. 

What I did tell was almost everything to Paola. 

"What's important is that you know about the support of the people you love." 

I am not alone. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-20
Words:   761
Minutes: 26

"I saw it, you were wearing make up, too, didn't you, Ivan?" 

I drove to school. I woke up from a dream and answered Catherine's message as soon as it got in. My grandmother had disappeared my pillow, and there was the heart again. That frilly and lacy white heart-shaped pillow. I hated it. Why do I always dream of selecting my clothes and going to the bathroom to take a shower? 

Choosing my clothes, the outfit that I'll wear. There is a significant symbolism in the clothes I chose. It was the first sign I noticed about what I wanted, they were the first changes that were noted in me. And the bath? What does it mean to clean myself? Is it a renovation? Cleanse? It's the moment in the day were I am naked and most vulnerable. When I look at myself. 

I replied to her text and just like those dreams, took my clothes and got ready. I'd have to be early in school for the presentation of the research in which I participated. Catherine sent me a snapchat where she liked herself in the reflection. I answered with something, but I can't remember. After returning from the bathroom I took another one in underwear. 

We left at the same time but I got earlier to school. 

Today was one of my best days and yet I am just on the computer. I've been tempted by the idea of going to bed and sleep. I am tired, I am exhausted. I feel no energy or will. Tomorrow I'll wake up early again, and the next day too. It will be my next session since I told my mom, or Paola, or wore the mask, or put on make up, or went to the party, or posted the picture. 

A lot of things have happened that maybe I have not processed yet. 

There is a chat with Anahi. She posted how we were not the ones who mentioned the pokemon condoms. She used the male plural pronoun. I didn't noticed until later. Why does it hurt? I hate being so soft and delicate. I should be able to bear it. It's the right ones. The natural ones. I am a man. No. I am male... no. 

They gave me a survey in Vinicio's class. One like the ones we did in third semester three years ago. Seventy items and just two identification variables. Age and sex. I got angry when they asked gender because I didn't dare to put female. Now that they put sex and gave the possible answers I felt caged. Could I not answer? What would happen if I'd let it blank? Or answer what I wanted? 

With gender I can argue that it's true. My gender is one thing that they can't verify. But sex is natural, sex is something I can't hide with clothes or make up. Not even between my legs can I hide it. It's there and it'll still be there. I didn't mind it... I don't. Not yet. 

I wanted to ask Anahi's thoughts of the picture. Someone's reaction. While I told Paola my secrets and opened the communication in our friendship, Catherine confirmed the offer they had given that day. We could told them whatever we wanted, any theme. Would they reciprocate? Could it be really any theme? 

The said yes and started talking about the masks. Chevo told us he imagined it. He saw the picture. I was made up, wasn't I? He used the male adjective and my name. He doesn't have any reason to not use them. That's the name he knows, I haven't asked to call me anything else or any other way. I did ask him to refer to me in the exact same way. He is doing what he knows, what was asked of him.

It hurt. I liked that picture because I liked how I looked. Because I saw it and I look to those eyes that I've imagined and dreamed about. I saw that face I sometimes find in the mirror. I saw a face which I could wear and live with. It fit. It wasn't a woman's face. It was MY face. 

And reality hit. It was the picture of Ivan and Catherine. It was the picture of a boy and a girl wearing make up and playing with gender. 

The same way we went as Harry and Hermione. Everyone just saw Ivan and Catherine in disguise, playing with gender again. 

It's like I'm playing with fire and I've burned myself. 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-21
Words:   779
Minutes: 27

"Do you like it? For me or for you?" 

She would pick me up. We would go to the school in the morning and have the rest of the day until our class in the afternoon. 
In the middle of the night I woke up and changed my shorts for pants and took the blanket from my closet. The warm was cozy and let me rest more than the first half of the night. I didn't want to wake up. I didn't want the day to start. I am tired, I need to sleep. I saw the message from Catherine and asked her at what time did I need to rise. I had 20 minutes more and gave use to even the last second of them. 

I showered and got ready. I opened her the door without my shirt and invited her in. I can't remember if it was before or after. No, first we went to the school. We met with Victor outside of the school and with the sub-principal in her office. Tomorrow we will apply the survey in the morning. 8 in the morning we will be there and start. If today I had to get up early and dreaded the idea of having therapy at 10am. I'd have to wake up 2 hours earlier. 

In less than 20 minutes we were all set and out of the school. We came back to my house. Again, I invited her in. We changed blouses. I took two pictures of us. In one of them I'm over her. Both of our blouses are open. She's wearing the red flannel with black squares and I, her dark red sleeveless blouse, with the black strap loose on my shoulder. My little breasts in their black cups are over her purple bra. One of her breasts is  covered with the palm of my hand. Our lips are sealed in a kiss. 

I came at the end. She finished twice before. 

We put our clothes back on. We were both hungry. The pharmacy was our next stop. I needed my life pills. I finished today the last two pills from the three bottles my father bought me. I bought the new ones. We ordered a club sandwich and two wheat waters. 
The pharm lady took my prescription and read it. Now I said aloud the name of the pills. Flouxetine I called them, as if I was recognizing my bastard child for the first time. She grabbed them and gave them to me. "Are these yours, young man?" "Yes, they are his". 

Will that be the same when I order the hormones? Will they read the prescription and just give them to me? Will they ask if they're "the young man's"? Why would a young man need female hormones? Will I be still a young man? Will I look like one? Am I one now? 

We went to Dax, the store. Catherine wanted to buy a pair of tweezers. We looked at the eyelash curlers. She already has one, it wasn't for her. Neither of us said anything, we just looked. I had given it a thought but I said nothing. I can't remember what we looked next. Was it the lipsticks or the eyeliners? After what did we talked about buying things for me two? How was it that we ended up buying more than three hundred pesos in the store when she was going to buy tweezers? 

We bought the card for Anahi. It's for a fifteen year old girl and pink and talks about god. She bought the tweezers, something for her nails and two lipsticks. I bought the same tweezer and the curler, and an eyeliner, and a clear mascara, and a lipstick and an angrybirds pencil bag to put and hide everything. 

I'm supposed to be relieved of the need to hide and now have the calm to be exposed and myself. Why do I feel then the need to hide the little bag in my underwear drawer? 

In the school we changed lipsticks after she tried all of them. The last one, mine, was the lighter. A light pink one. It looked fake and childish. I'd look like a little girl playing to be her mother. 

Is that what I am? No. No.

I was supposed to take it easy. I should calm down and assimilate all of the things that have happened. I didn't ask Anahi for the picture or said the name to anyone. No, instead I bought make up and hide it. 

With what of the past two weeks will I start tomorrow's session? 

Why do I want to show him the picture? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-22
Words:   786
Minutes: 20

"I left Ivan in his house, he went to therapy and I returned to my home"

Today it's the last time of the week that I'll wake up early. I was going to go to therapy in the morning, but I ended waking up even earlier to apply the surveys to the school's children. Catherine would pick me up after my mother left. She arrived just on time. We went in her car to pick up Andie in the burger king. She was supposed to arrive at 7:30 in the morning, but sent a text message saying she would be 10 minutes late. We were appointed with the school at 8 in the morning. That was the time she called to tell us the taxi left her a block ahead. We arrived to the school just in time. I wore Catherine's old pants and the long shirt. I had my hair tied on my back. I looked normal. It was like any other day. I didn't want to apply them. I just wanted to stay in bed and sleep. We left her in a classroom and she and I stayed in the other one. After half an hour we were done. 

Catherine went there to see how things were. After she came back, I was the one who accompanied her. The little kid's eyes were set upon me. I could feel their attention burning me. I met their eyes and saw their curiosity. The whispered to themselves. They smiled and looked even more. What did they see? How did I look? Was I not normal? 

Catherine drove us back to my house. She, accidentally, stayed in a red light in the wrong way. The cars coming our way saw her with scorn. They didn't played their claxons or screamed anything. Catherine's uncomfortableness was felt by all of us. 

Next, I would drive to my therapy, so I offered Andie a ride. I left her in Plaza Rio. And returned to the building of Rene. There was a bus stopped in the sidewalk so I drive by him. The sun blinded me and my foot slipped. I accelerated when I meant to stop. I stopped even harder and the tires screamed as the young man ran in front of me getting out of the way. 

A woman with her family stopped beside me. The window was rolled down and her words splashed as dirty water upon my face. "Girl, you shouldn't be going so fast". 

The sunlight was in front and the patrol lights on my back. It's siren told me to get to the side. I was given a warning and let go. 

I didn't show Rene the picture. We talked about Mexicali while we waited to the other psychologist to open the office. He forgot his keys. I helped him to move the couches. 

The session was ten minutes longer. 

Maybe my phimosis or paraphimosis is a way to avoid penetration. "It's covered then, so it's really like a clitoris". 

I have advanced a lot and yet I cried several times today because nothing has changed. Everything is still the same. I am still the same. 

After session I drove to Catherine's house and she made me breakfast. We lied down on her sofa and I fell asleep. "Sofi", her whispers woke me. We had to leave for class. 

I read the conversation with Anahi she had while I was in therapy. They talked about a lot of things. She told her how she took me, Ivan, him, to his house for him to go to his session. Her words burned me. It were like scolding flames ripping my flesh. I felt the same thing I did when I read Chevo's sentence about my picture. We are a boy and a girl. I am a boy. I am him, Ivan. 

I felt a huge sadness and hopelessness. I couldn't tell her what I felt because I didn't know. I read her words in the white paper and felt worse. She sent me a text saying "I love you, pretty girl". It was a lie. I was Ivan. Ivan is neither pretty or a girl. Why did she lie? 

I felt huge and heavy and hideous. I was an ogre covered in shit. 

Our patient didn't arrive and we observe another one. We slept then in the library's parking before meeting with Chevo and Jessica. 

"Did Chevo show it to you?" 

The picture loaded in Eusebio's phone. "How are you in Instagram?" "Sophie" I thought but my mouth knew better. 

She looked at it and commented about my eyes and lips. 

Who is the one in that picture, him or her? 

Which of them am I? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-23
Words:   796
Minutes: 24

"I don't want to be Ivan, anymore." "What will you do first to stop being him?" "I don't know, I just know I don't want anymore" "Do you want to be Sofia?" "Yes" "You can start by introducing yourself as Sofia" 

Yesterday I told her I wouldn't go to school today. I felt anxious and sad and miserable. I felt guilty and useless and weak. I went to bed and didn't help with the exposition. I thought about the day, everything that happened. The police, the children's eyes, the woman comment, Jessica's reaction to the picture, Catherine's comment. 

"It's a great step forward" I have done a lot lately, but everything is still the same. I am still the same. It doesn't matter what I do I am still Ivan, even to Catherine, it seemed. 

She talked with me about the graduation. Her friend Eunice cancelled her because of economic reasons. She would still pay her but she'd not go. It didn't make any sense. Catherine remembered the feeling that nobody would do things for her the same way she does for others. I was going to mention myself and the words I gave her. "I will go because of you. I want to be with you and I don't want to leave you alone". I kept them for me but she still remembered. She told me she saw herself holding my hand the whole party. I went to sleep with the idea of asking her if she imagined me with her wearing a long dress and my eyes painted black and my lips full and red. 

I woke up and fell to sleep and woke again. I battled with the idea of going or not. I was scared. What if I failed again? What if the sadness won? 

I went to shower and ask her to pick me up. She accepted and I buttoned the shirt in front of the body mirror in my bedroom. After I did my hair I decided I'd try to curl my eyelashes. Nobody would notice it. Now it would be a good thing. I could do it for me alone. In the back of my head I thought: even if I wanted them, they would still not see. I curled them and put the clear mascara. Was there a change? Not even I could see difference. 

The first class started at 4 in the afternoon. By 3 she had left her house already. She sent a picture and several texts informing me there was heavy traffic. She was a little lite and I wondered if we could be there on time. I got in her car and she drove. Until she took me home she told me that she did notice a difference. She did see how my eyes were different. 

We give our lecture before Andie arrived. She entered the classroom a couple of minutes we had already finished. She seemed sad like something dark was on her mind and something heavy on her chest. She sat in the back of the room and was gone by the time everyone returned from the break. 

We did the role-playing. I invited Catherine with my eyes to volunteer. I wanted her to and she considered it too. Ana Karen went first and cried when Zayra gave her feedback. I was going to tell her again silently with my eyes when I saw the water in hers. Something bothered her but I couldn't see what. It was then that we had the 5 minute break. I walked with her and put my arm around her. She was going to go after her. When Zayra talked about the judgement and the vulnerability and accepting the compliments her words danced around Catherine's head, they surrounded her and taunt her. 

We were some of the first ones to return. Zayra asked her if she would pass now but she confessed how she felt. Hild was with us too and offered dry peas. I thought I would hate them. The four of us talked like friends. Catherine didn't pass but I did. I was a patient again. A middle aged man who left his family to come to work. I was the patient but Ana cried. Was it something I said? I laughed and smiled and made jokes. I, the suicidal trans girl. I, the one who just yesterday was hopelessly in bed drowned in sadness. 

Hilda cried, later, after Zayra spoke of her grief when her father died. In that moment my phone started ringing and broke the intimate silence. I  was embarrassed and my face was as red as Hilda's. 

In Catherine's notes she wrote the title and the date. In the one of when I passed I could see her words "Ana-Sofía".  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-25
Words:   787
Minutes: 26

I missed it. 

I forgot. 

55 days was my longest streak. I was lying on my stomach, with the tablet playing videos where my head should rest on my pillow. What was it that remembered me? Stolen dance. The song that reminds me of Portugal. I wasn't on my bed, I was in Europe once again. 

It's late in the night and I couldn't slept. I'm sitting on the bus with Consuela by my side. The ride is long and I'm drowsy. We crossed the border and it's so different to how I am used to cross it. There is no line or booths, there are no police officers or questions. There is just a sign and a change of language. I don't know exactly where it ends and starts. We are in Guimaraes, the first city we will see. They dropped us in the central plaza. There is a castle building with a huge lettering that says "Here Portugal was born". I saw her but I don't remember when. I won't be conscious of her until she takes the picture of Consuela and me in the castle. We want one together and she offers to take it. Blonde thin hair barely grazing her black eyes drowned in her snowy skin. I was the one who start the conversation. We are walking towards where we will eat. Polo and Jamal invited all of us to eat with them. Polo was talking to her and I introduced myself. "Another psychologist". 

We eat. We talk and walk. I hear her name but I don't remember it. Did she get mine? 

We will be in the same room when we get to Portugal. We will explore Braga together and she will accompany me to the beach on the last day. I'll write of her two years after returning to Mexico and I won't imagine it. 

It's late again. We have returned to Porto and we went to a dinner. Did she sit beside me? Does it matter? We all drank. There was limitless drinks. Jars and jars of wine and a green cocktail. We are in the club. We walked her, there were several of us. Johanna was supposed to come. I wanted her to be here in Portugal but she returned home because of her family. Her mother is sick. I am with Helena instead. I now know her name. I have it on my mind when I can barely be. We are dancing in group, there is Polo and Consuela and some spanish girls and other people. One by one they start to dissipate. Or are we the ones who go  away? 

We are alone and dancing. There is music but I can't hear it. "I want you, we can bring it on the floor. I've never dance like this before..." We won't talk about it. Shouldn't talk about it. I think of her name and her face. And then I don't. I think of  nothing while we get closer and closer. Little by little we go to the floor as I pull her hands and slowly drop. Without letting off we stand and get even closer. There is nothing between us and for the first time in months my head is blank. I think of nothing when I put my lips over hers. She reciprocates and a light burns. I think of a name but it's not hers. I think of a face that it's not hers. We keep dancing and I kiss her again to erase Monica from my mind. I kiss her lips but Monica's return it. I pushed her away and bring Helena back. The three of us dances in the dark. I whisper something in her ear and Helena stops the music. There is silence when she asks me to talk. 
"This is not what I want" 

Which of them is the one who talks? 

I'll spend nights debating with the idea of talking with her or not, thinking of the picture of her hopping in the water and smiling as I shoot her with her own camera. I think of her notebook. I think of our trip and meetings and that little notebook. 

I think of her words and I remember mine. It's too late. The clock kept running. Time caught up with us and she left. We said goodbye. Time caught up again and the day passed and I lost. I lost my 55 days. I lost the streak of days. 

"I talked with my mother and she knows everything about me" 

I am at 0 days again. A little less than 2 months just like the time I haven't talked with her. Should I break that streak of silence, too? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-26
Words:   803
Minutes: 43

"Longest streak: 55 days."

It's over. Yesterday was the first day after the forgotten one. I wrote the words in the first minutes of the Sunday so I was already done. I wrote the sentence in every screen in my house. It was in my phone, in the tablet, in the monitor of my room. I would open the little book that covers my phone and see the sentence with the full intention of sending it. I would close the book and change my mind. What was stopping me? Of what was I so afraid? 

I lost count of the number of times I would  turn the screen on and off. 

Luis invited me to play with him. I opened the tablet and click the send button. I tried to forget and left the room. The match wasn't over yet when I couldn't and returned. 

"and how are you feeling?" 

"are you a couple now?" "yes" 

What was I expecting? I am in a relationship of months already. We have slept together and woken in the middle of the night to have sex. Why does it feel weird inside? It was the truth when I told Catherine I didn't want her back. I don't. Is it sadness? Disappointment? I feel bad for her, but  at the same time I hope he makes her miserable, and that makes me feel guilty. 

Maybe it wasn't the right time to came back and talk. 

I sent her a picture of me with my black eyes and the white shirt. I let Catherine see me in person. We waited outside the theater for Miguel's sister and the tickets. I wanted her to see me, too. Why? I didn't want her to want me. I wanted to see me. To look at me and SEE me. 

The back pain woke up with me this morning. Catherine insinuated in a playful matter that I had just talked with Monica. Could it be really a factor? I talked with my mom and woke up with pain. I opened up with Monica and the pain resurfaced. I wrote a message to Anahi and sent it, too. 

"I never told you, but I really liked the times you referred to me in feminine. I don't know if you did it because of Catherine or you just wanted to, or, I don't know, whatever. It felt really nice. Thank you." 

I had the answer of the message I had sent to Johanna. I told her how I had been thinking of her and wondering how has she been. I didn't told her I remembered her because of Helena, or that I was worried about her mother. I thought if something happened and she would want me to know, she would share it. In her reply wasn't a mention of her mother so either nothing happened or it's not of my business. 

She noted my absence from Facebook. I was in front of Chevo and Jessica. I am here, in the foodtruck garden. We are seating in a wood table. Catherine is by my side and  Jessica in front of me, Chevo by her side. Jessica has started talking about the elephant in the room. I am crying. No, I haven't started yet. I just started opening up and sharing. I mention Facebook, how I deleted it. 

"I noticed" Jessica commented. Like an observation, a comment that wasn't meant to be listened. I did. It was meaningful to me. Nobody was supposed to notice. I was invisible. Johanna, with another life in another country in another whole continent noted my absence. Did she look for me? 

If I died would she know? If I change, would she know? 

I started opening to everybody and yet the thought of telling her have not crossed my mind. 

What would she say? What would she think? Would I expect a reaction? Would she even care at all? Would it matter? 

Did I think of it when I read it or was it until after we drank with Hilda? 

Vinicio didn't come. When we were waiting Ivan told us he had just turned 25. A little after we finished the survey of burnout, I got these urges, this little want of the bitter taste of a cold beer. I didn't want a cocktail or something mixed. I wanted a dark beer. I told Catherine and we invited Hilda. 

We talked. About things. DO. Chile. Spain. Maybe there was when I thought about it. Just yesterday Catherine remembered me how she could see herself telling Hilda about me. 

I wanted to tell Anahi about my name, but didn't. Is that the feeling I have in my belly right now? Is that the urge I feel? 

Or is something else that I have not said what needs to come out? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-27
Words:   952
Minutes: 22

"My girlfriend..." "...my girlfriend" "My Cathy..." "My Sophie" ..."My black soul"

I had a test. What happened? What was the thing from today? I have all the memories, all of what happened I have it displayed in my head but I can't focus on anything. There is a cut on my elbow that is stinging as I rest my arm in the chair. Two lines like a scratch of a little mouse. It was the bite of the disposable razor as I cleaned it from the long hairs of my legs. I couldn't get myself together to stand out of bed. We chatted with Anahi. I tried to tell her yesterday about my name but didn't. In the night I asked Catherine how would she say it. 

She explained how she'd tell about the first name Catherine used...

We are in Ensenada. We have come to the meeting of the abroad students who'll leave the city. There are groups of us, some will go within the country and others will go outside. I had this idea of actually meeting, as in person to person, knowing each others' names and faces, with the other persons who'll go to Spain, to Salamanca. Who are the other 9 people? Who is the one who took my first place with the scholarship? 
I haven't meet a single person with whom I'll go. Not one. I won't meet anyone here. Everything is just conferences and talks. Old experiences of the ones who've returned. I am disappointed. I hear them and look at the pictures of the contest. I feel anxious and full of emotion and anticipation. I think of how I might one day give my own conference or expose my own picture of Spain. I won't talk but I'll send a picture. It won't win. 
Outside, after hearing of the visa and the requirements I isolate myself. I want to be alone but I don't know exactly why. Have I broken up with Monica, yet? Yes. We broke up in the summer. Am I still sad because of her? Or am I just lonely? 
I see Catherine talk with someone from Arica. I force myself to meet at least one person. I get close to this girl who went to A Coruña. 
She has another girl by her side. One is from Mexicali and the other one from Galicia. I fall in love with the girl's accent. I want to hear her all day. I imagine her whispering something in my ear in the shadow of the night. 
I talk with this girl from Mexicali and hear her experience. I ask questions and get answers. I'll add her later to Facebook. I still don't know she knows my cousin Xennia. She'll comment on my pictures while I'll be in Europe. Her name is the one with which Catherine will confuse mine. She'll call me April one time and later will use it as a nickname. 

...then talk about how it's still difficult for her to ask it, but want to. It's been harder to keep listening and being referred by a name which feels strange and foreign. She has found a name which she identifies. And was wondering if Anahi could use it, too. If Anahi would call her Sofia. 

She answer early in the morning and her text was the first thing I read in the morning. The two of them were talking to and I introduce myself to the conversation. We were talking about Halloween and what we'll do this Saturday. Anahi said something about her green card and my sentri. Then she noted my visa and told me "tú sí estás jodida". I read it and it was, different. I felt this kind of warm inside my chest and smiled as I read it again. Catherine had told me how I wanted to tell her something and said something but in all my words I actually said nothing. 

We were talking with her again while we waited for Vinicio after Zayra's test. He showed us a session of him treating a schizophrenic woman. It was interesting. I liked this class. I would never had imagined today I would end up using Gestalt theory or Solution centered therapy in the practical use. 

I didn't remember today's course. We ate tomato and clam juice with fruit and little fried noodles. Catherine asked for a free celery. We bought a wrap for the both of us. There was another guy making them, but we ended up with the usual one. 

Manuel Mejía gave the lecture. It was nice, I found it interesting. There was a lot which I didn't remember anymore. I fucking hated the speech Lupita gave because of the absence. I was one from the people who stopped coming. I was not even a little guilty. I wanted to speak and yet again I felt this knot in my throat. Will I actually send the email? 

I felt, though, the need to say it later when I told Manuel about the reason we stopped going. 

He smiled awkwardly and ask us that the important, or the thing he was more interested in knowing was if today's was how we imagined. 

We left by 8 and half and yet Catherine and I didn't exit the parking lot until two hours later. One thing after another led us to talk with Hilda. She knows about my medication and I know about her relationship. 

I have changed. I do feel different. 

This is not the change I want. 

I shaved three times today. Four passes on my face and they weren't enough. It doesn't matter how deep I try to cut, the little black spots doesn't disappear. 




------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-28
Words:   780
Minutes: 26

"Awkward question, but... Do I keep calling you Ivan... or how? or..."

Do everything is gonna come easily for me? Had I already forgotten about telling her? I saw her typing in the conversation but never wondered that it would be about this. No, I am lying, I did think it. When I read it and confirmed it I felt excited. I was waiting for that. 

Why did she ask? Has she talked about me with Isaias? Maybe. He told her how she could try to gain contacts from "the community" when we were talking about going to Pride. 

"Monica, what a bitch" 

What did I feel? Other times I would have defended her. Make up some excuse from her part. Maybe say something how it was difficult to assimilate. I was her boyfriend, her partner. It was a sudden change. It, there were a lot of things. I felt none of that when I read it. I accepted it. No, it surprised me. I thought of her as a bitch for a lot of different reasons. But was that one of those? I remember feeling angry with her. She denied me. I felt sad. She talked of "her woman" about Luis. I was furious. It was just a game to her but to me it was a reality. It was a cruel and sadistic reality. 

"No, not Ivan anymore.
"Sofia". 

Catherine would pick me up. She arrived when I wasn't totally ready. I was dressed and my hair was done. I was shoe-less and with the eyelash-curler in my hands when the phone vibrated. I took the eye pencil and wondered. I wanted to surprise her. I was wearing all black and wanted my eyes to match. The shirt was lying flat over my mattress. I finished with both eyes and put the shirt on as I went for the door. I showed her the flipflop on my foot and invited her in. 

We lied on my bed and kissed. I'm hers and she's mine. 

The jeans were in my backpack and my phone was on the bed. A darker spot in my leg appeared. I got to the bathroom the get clean. We took off to the usual hookah place. There was a lot of traffic when I realized I'd forgotten my phone. There was my phone and my money. We went back and I ran for it. We took the other way this time. 

We entered and I didn't feel the eyes on me this time. I didn't care. Whether they noticed or not, what difference would it make? 

I thought about staying like this even for the class. I would change my mind later. 

There is a picture of our food, her gyro, my burger and our Tabbouleh. There is a another picture of me lying on my back. The view from my neck, over my chest to my raised legs. There is different one of her with me by her back, tying my hair and smiling. Do we look like ourselves? I can't fathom the idea of looking like me and still being recognized. 

She touched me. She touched me when we were on my bed, then as we lied on the pillows, another time when she drove us back to school. Finally, when she found a parking spot in the opposite side from the faculty I returned her the favor. I caressed her and slide two fingers inside of her. She helped me to give her pleasure. I saw as she closed her eyes and the car gave little jumps. I whispered in her ear how everyone would see us, "the guard might come whenever she does, even if now one see us right now, we'll go to class, we'll smell like this, everyone will smell the sex from us and we'll know what we did". 

I changed clothes and we walked towards the classroom. Rene called and changed the time of our next session. I'll wake up tomorrow early in the morning to drive Miguel to school and then I'll have one more hour of sleep. 

I didn't took notes. Why should I? There is 4 weeks of classes and everything will be over. Just school. I used to say that phrase and it had a whole different meaning. School will end. Life as a student, a child. 

Life as Ivan ended for another person now. Anahi knows. Anahi asked and I told her. Does it count like me asking her? 

Will I keep talking to Monica? Will I ask her, too? Or will I demand it? 

Hilda spoke about setting limits. Am I ready to put one and actually letting her go? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-29
Words:   775
Minutes: 22

"You are in the process of becoming 'Sofia', for that you have to mourn everything associated to Ivan"

I looked for her and needed her and wanted her close because she's the last meaningful thing that links me to normalcy. 

I peeked to my therapy log. There are just 3 or four sessions left. What will happen when I finish? Will he still see me? Is the price going to stay the same? Should I ask to be referred to somebody with more experience? "You will not take them for life, you will be taken off moderately, over time". 

There was a phrase I thought but didn't mention. I talked about the streak. There was a subtle reminder of the days I had been taking the medication. It was an accidental log of the changes of my life that had been occurring. I lost the streak at 55 and I am back at 4. It's more than 60 days that I've been on life pills. A lot of changes have happened. I am full of life and action and emotion. "You are anesthetized emotionally and paralyzed behaviorally" It was a fit-all cliche phrase to say the first sessions. I heard it as a cute description of my life. It wasn't until recently that I noted the meaning behind it. 

I've had a huge advancement. I laugh, I love, I talk and share, I ask and look for help, I am. My hair is longer, my waist thinner, my clothes baggier, my eyes fuller and my smile truer. Emotionally and physically I've had a lot of changes. More than 2 months of changes. Some could say I am not the same person I was when I started. Am I unrecognizable? 

How different would the changes had been if instead of these pills I had been given prescription for the other ones. What if we would had attacked the problem from the other perspective? I am sure I would had a lot of other changes. Would I be more or less the same? Would I be happy? Could I enjoy it? 

I packed lunch for Catherine and me. 

There was heavy rain in the early morning. I don't know at what time I fell asleep and when exactly I woke up. I just remember not finding a place and hearing the droplets of water. I stood up and put pants. I covered myself with the sheets. My mother and Luis' screams and arguing woke me up like old times. It was 5 in the morning. I stayed in bed half awake and listened to my father worrying I wouldn't be up to drive Miguel. He opened the door and reminded me. 

"Do you feel ok? Does your head hurt?" "No, it's just that it's 5 in the morning" 

I didn't sleep again until I came back from driving him. On the way back I talked with myself. I imagined how it would be to asking Chevo, Jessica and Paola to refer to me as a woman. I made a mental draft of how I would say it, what words, what before what, with what intention. Would I mention the name? I wouldn't ask it, I won't deny them I want them, but I'll be perfectly clear about how I don't want to ask them yet. I am not ready to hear it if it's not sincere. I don't want to associate it with the idea of being seen as a man. 

I fell asleep with those words in my head, in my throat, dancing in my lips. 

I took the coats and the chicken salad inside the xochicalco University bag. I drove to therapy and waited outside the office. There was a blonde woman waiting, too. Rene opened the door alone. There was a tissue on his hand, he had just dried his hands. He may had just finished using the toilet. 

I spoke about Lupita and the Test. I talked about Anahi and Monica. I talked about Monica more how I really feel about her. I am not angry anymore. I felt sad for her but at the same time I wanted her to suffer for what she did to me. That because I am still a little angry. My voice broke and my eyes watered as I mentioned the helplessness I felt as I needed her. She promised me eternal love and would not even see me. I just wanted to be seen. I asked her, and after 9 months, she gave me 15 minutes. 

I did end up just like Penelope. 

Will I forgive her? What would that mean? 

What changes would that bring?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-30
Words:   1620
Minutes: 20

"This is the last day of your life. Today you will die. You have 15 minutes left to live." 

I was half-awake when the doorknob turned and the door cringed. Who could that be? The house should be empty. No one is here. Is someone in? Has somebody entered? Luis started talking. He asked a question about computers. I answered and we kept talking. He repeated the same cookie monster job about having no cookies and having no friends. I recorded him and sent the videos to Catherine and Monica. I was talking to both. It felt nice again to have my girlfriend and best friend back. Now everything changed, though. My bestfriend became my girlfriend. My girlfriend is now my friend. I was a boy and now I am ...happy. 

He lied in bed with me and said how I was adopted and we both laughed. Later I made breakfast for the both of us. I was in the shower and when I finished I did my hair. Monica said something about how I lasted a lot in there. I sent a pic of me with my hair tied. She said I look bad. I was hideous. She repeated it again and again as a joke. I didn't get sad. I cleaned myself, lose my hair, colored my eyes and took another picture. This one I knew I looked good. I liked it. I really did. I sent it to both of them. 

"Ash" ... "You look girly ... pretty* ... well, girly, too" 

I was supposed to fill the papers about death. I wanted to be cremated. I wanted my organs to be donated. I wanted a small service with just intimate people. A lot of people get sensitive with these topics. I never understood. I am scared of death but I can talk about it, think about it. 

Catherine came and parked in front. She picked a shirt for tomorrow from all the white ones that were lying on my bed. She took it and we would leave. I went up to say goodbye to my brother and stayed there helping him with the second screen. I left and we went to school. We have the paper that liberate us from the social service. 

I am seated in class. Again I ended up alone, I annexed myself to a pair and we worked. I played two papers and shared what I felt and what I thought. Now I have my eyes closed. I am breathing and all my body is relaxed. 

I am in a station. There is a smart car outside but I choose to enter. I like trains, they bring me good memories. I enter and got in the wagon. Nobody is here. I am just carrying my gray backpack, this is a journey but I don't know where I am going. The doors close and the voice calls for the next station. The train goes inside a tunnel and everything is pitch black. I am not here anymore. I am inside somewhere. Everything is dark, too, but I am not afraid. I am drowned in water but I feel comfortable and warm. There is a light and it scares me. It's unkown, there are sounds and shapes and colors. I feel cold and the piercing lights. I feel pain and stabs. I cry, I screamed. I am born. My body is a mistake. I don't know it yet. 

I am back in the train and I feel sad. I see my own body and try to forget it. The next station is near. The doors open. 

I am in my uniform, dressed as a small boy. I have a heavy bag on my back and a typing machine on my hand. I feel alone. I am alone. It's ok. I don't mind it. 

I am seated in the stairs outside the pc lab. The teacher Mayra is talking to me about my sheet of paper. I wrote I sometimes felt alone and that I have not a lot of friends. This is an exercise she's making because of Andres, I don't know it and never will be sure, but he confessed to her how he's depressed and has given thought to suicide. She's worried about me and I'm surprised. Why should she be? I am ok. Sure I am alone, but I don't mind. I don't know yet that something is wrong with me. 

I am back at the train. I know the next stop and I am scared. My arm starts trembling and I am afraid. I get off. 

I am in highschool, I have a hint of what could be but I pretend I don't know. My hair is long and I have lost weight. Somebody loves me but I hate myself. I want to die. I am in pain. I have no place in this world. Everything is not black, but gray. There is not darkness but darkened. I can see it but there is no emotion, no life. I am numb and passive. 

I am in my bed crying. I am in my car crying. I am walking to school crying. I am alone. I have friends and a partner and I am more lonely than ever. My body is trembling and my eyes are full of tears and pain. My respiration is agitated and violent. I run towards the station. I hate it here. 

I think about the next station but we stop somewhere in between. I am in the present. Catherine is by my side. I am not sad anymore. I have met happiness and have met life. I am not alone. I have friends. People that love me. I opened to them and to my family. Everyone told me how they're with me and for the first time I believe it. The pain is gone, the sadness is gone. I think about the future and my plans. I think on how I can be myself and let people know me and live. I am excited about the future. I want to get to the train and think about all the journey that it's left.

There is no station anymore. I am in front of a table. There is a chest with something in there for me. I don't know what's in there but I don't want it. I have things to do, things to feel, things to live. 

I open it and there is a note in here. It is for me. I start to read it, I hear it's content in Zayra's voice. 

I am scared. It can't be. It's not fair, it's not fucking fair. 20 years living a mistake and now that I found myself everything will end before I was let to be born and be me. I am in so much pain I feel the tears rolling and escaping my closed eyelids. I fall down when I hear I have just 15 minutes. I don't think of anyone or anything. In my mind there is just pain, a profound and heavy pain that lefts me immobile. It's my fault I should had made something I should had lived. I should had known and opened myself. Now it's too late. 

I open my eyes and see the question for my epitaph. Still with tears on my eyes I grab the pencil and write: 
"Her life ended just when she was starting to live it". 

I'll share myself. I'll listen and talk. I'll cry in front of them and Zayra will listen and help. It's not fair to blame a little child. He did what he could. I am a grown up now and I can fix it, I can look for a solution. I should change it and remember it and live by it. She thanks me for opening up, for sharing. She knows how difficult it is for me. She mentions my biography and everything I've been through. Did I put in there my biggest problem? Could I show myself to her? 

Melissa get's angry with my words. "It's not that I am angry with you. I saw a Melissa talking. I saw myself in you, in your pain". She's in so much pain. She's hiding, too. She's been on it so many years. I know what that is. She asks us to not see her. She doesn't want to cry. She is in pain and without air. She vomits everything at us. Without censorship she talks and talks and let everything out. Everyone is moved and sad. There are people crying. Zayra's voice breaks as she intervenes. There is the question: "Have you thought about ending everything?". 

She wants to escape and go outside but she stays. She lets herself be helped. Some friends talk to her. I talk to her but I feel I made a mistake. 

Karen will talk later about herself, too. She's been diagnosed with major depressive disorder since she was seven. She cries and I see them both. I am like them. No. I was. Ivan was. He was a little boy that did everything he could to a problem that was more than he could handle. More than most could. 

I am not alone anymore and I'll be sure of it when Zayra hugs me and whisper his name in my ear, when Catherine will talk to me about what she saw, thought and felt. "I was with her, I picked her up and spent the day with her but I remember I didn't kiss her. I just thought how I didn't get to kiss you"

One marked my death and this should mark my life: 

"My life initiated just when I started living it." 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2015-10-31
Words:   0
Minutes: 0



