------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-01
Words:   1253
Minutes: 24

The last entry in this log is from February 10th 2019. It talked about my first and second date with Sonny. That was more than two years ago. We started and ended a long-term relationship between then and now. We are not speaking right now. I told Monica how it was because... why was it? 

I said it would be better for the both of us. I don't really want to get back together and she keeps making suggestive messages or insinuations. It hurts. I've been hurting for a couple of months. I might need to make an appointment for a therapist. In that log I talked about my session with Fausto. I miss that. I think I need it.

I remember when, for some reason, I wanted to transcript all of my electronic journal entries to a physical notebook. I read the stuff about Monica from years ago. For days after that I would feel depressed, as if reading about that phase brought me to that mental state. 

I just finished writing about these last couple of days in my physical journal.
It feels good to write by hand, but at the same time, it might be a little easier to do them in the computer.

I've been living here, Montreal, for the last 7 months. In this apartment specifically, for 6 of those. With both Armando and Alda, for the last 4. It wasn't until last friday that I came out to them.

"This is the first time that I know you are gay."

"Ve y salvate tú. Consíguete un quebecois", even I had just told them not even 2 hours before.

As Kory said, straight people can be oblivious.

When I mentioned our dinner and walk last night to Armando this morning as Alda was getting ready for our roommates brunch, he asked if I had gone out on a date.

"No, esa es hasta la siguiente semana."
"¿Con quien?"

I waited before answering, even though I had been mentally rehearsing how I would mention it to them both later today. I wasn't sure if it was a good idea. I still am not. 

"...Molly."

I met Molly that same Friday in the party Alda took us with. She was the second person to arrive after us, just after a couple of french-speaking guys. I don't remember how we were introduced. I didn't drink that much, and yet I still feel as if I had. There are things that I don't remember, feelings that I can't really identify. When I saw her, there was something about her. Yet, I don't think it was that I suspected she was gay. She was telling us the story of this guy she went out on a date with and he had 'gasolina' on repeat in his car's stereo.
She kissed him even though she is "as gay as they come". No, he kissed her. Or was the story about the 40 year old man? I don’t remember anymore.

It was refreshing seeing someone so freely open. It's such the opposite of the feeling I got when I found Vicky's profile in Bumble. Like her, though, I was fixated on Molly after knowing she was a lesbian. I tried to be flirty, like with Paty, but I don't think I ended up doing anything special.

"Pero, sí estás chida? Bueno, o sea, de salud..."
"Simón, por lo pronto todo cool; en ambos sentidos."
"Pues sí, la verdad sí."

Sonny kept repeating to me on those last conversations how I am attractive. Anyone would be lucky to be with me. Why do I feel so insecure and undeservable, then?

I was glad that Molly decided to leave the party at the same time as we did. I feel fortunate that the metro had stopped an hour before our party departure, even though it was unfortunate of her, as she would need to walk back. I don't think I actually considered asking her out.

"I'm really bad at identifying when someone is being hitting on me", I said with the full intention that she would hear me. 

"Oh, I am like that. A woman could be dancing naked in front of me and still I wouldn't realize it. 'she is such a good friend.'"

It was until we split that the idea of being direct with her and asking her out appeared in my mind. How would I find her, though? I didn't have her number or her contact. I was lying on my bed and considered looking her up. She was Vix's coworker, maybe he had her on his facebook. I look at Alda's and Vix's profiles. It was too creepy. Too much.

I followed Vix on Instagram. I put her name on the search bar, and her picture came out.

I viewed her profile and closed it, just as I closed Bumble the first time Vicky turned up holding her cat and smiling. I sent a message to Monica instead: 

"Moni, why do I keep falling for every woman who gives me the least bit of attention?"

She replied the next morning. I told her about Molly and about Sonny. She read me and encouraged me to send the message asking her out. I sent her a draft. No, too much, too formal. Something casual-er.

I followed her profile. Even if nothing comes up, at least I will have another friend in the city? That is what I can't have with Vicky when nothing happened after I swiped right, and I ended up without any reason to tell her I know she's queer. I ended up sending the suggested message that Monica gave me. I had just written to her how I had followed Molly and sent the message, when I got the notification that Molly had accepted my request of following her and followed me back. Instant's later, a new message. 

I had reviewed in my mind all the possible ways she could reject me. Not the possible ones including her being mean or insulting, but the probable ones. None of these were her reply.

She had a great time as well. She would love to grab some coffee. After some intermittent messages we arranged to meet next Saturday. She is supposed to have gotten her vaccine today. I'll be pretty busy with Neuromatch the whole week. I wish I could see her sooner.

I keep thinking that she would not have accepted were it a real date. It's as if I had to say some magic words for it to qualify as a date. Or maybe it's just that I used a code instead that assured her that this is non-romantic. When Kory invited me to grab some food, I hesitated because maybe he wanted a date even though I know he's gay. Would that happen with Molly after she got my message? Maybe it's the opposite, she read me with the intention that Kory had when he asked me.

I have both the anxiety that it is not a real date, and what should I do if it, in fact, is. 
Should I tell her I am trans? Of course I should, but when? 

How?

Not Saturday. Because it is not a real date. 

"Is this a date?"

"No, but it could be if you want"
"Would you have said yes if it were?"
"I guess not, if you have to ask that question"

I am excited. I am nervous. I am sad. 


MOOD: 5
DEPRESSION: 1
ANXIETY: 1
SLEEP: 7

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-02
Words:   847
Minutes: 25

The course was harder than I thought it could be. It's not so much the math or the coding.
I hate participating or raising my voice in a group of strangers. Sometimes even after years of sharing a class, I'd still rather be quiet. All of the google collab documents are for us to be filled in group. Not only do I feel impatient when I finish first, I also feel rushed and pressured by the rest. I don't think I'm fully comprehending what I am doing.

I didn't mind as much the first part of the course, when we brainstormed ideas for our project. No. There was a moment when I started to feel uneasy and frustrated. The TA over-complicated the issue. Everybody was being 'flexible' with their preferences, but that only made it harder to move forward.

It's the first of 15 days. I don't remember when was the last time I felt this tired.

It might be because I didn't sleep very well. I went to bed relatively early, before midnight.
I felt the need to keep writing about how I was feeling, what I was thinking. It's not so much about telling the story. I didn't care as much as expressing it, but more like I needed someone to read it. I thought about starting a public blog. Change the names, remove the messier and irrelevant lines and put it up on the internet for the world to see. It's not like it will be found and become viral. I was sure that it would be months before I would have a single viewer.

I actually did it. I cleaned yesterday's entry a little, thought up some names for my roommates and friends, and researched about the best place to publish something easily, free and anonymously. It was 2 am, when I kept deleting and restaurating the blog. Even at this moment, I'm not sure if it's up right now.

Fortunately, I didn't have much problem getting out of bed in the morning. I showered before Armando and made my coffee before the welcoming ceremony at 8:30.

How many times did I re-read Molly's conversation before the time I saw she was typing?
I imagined lots of ways she would reject me. Did I think of the possibility that she would cancel? She didn't. She apologized about how she has a problem replying in Instagram, and then asked if it was possible to do something Sunday instead. She had this camping trip Friday and Saturday. 

That's not what I told Monica, though. I omitted the part where she proposed an alternative date. 

"Well, I didn't say anything because you had already send it, but you kind of came up too strong..."

I knew she was right. Maybe even before I replied that Sunday worked for me, too. I added a quick stupid joke telling her not to get lost on the woods and offered her my phone number if she preferred it. After sending it, I worried if that was too much. I guess it was?

I haven't gotten a response yet. I hope I won't get another one until it's time to set up the details of the weekend. If I do, I won't reply instantaneously. The thing I wanted less was to play this kind of games where I pretend I am not interested to avoid feeling vulnerable.
I guess that there is no middle ground with me. Either I get fixated and obsessed, or I act distant and cold.

It always has happened. Since Monica, to Catherine and even Sonny. I fall really hard for them, and when I am in a relationship I become this other person, to whom their feelings don't mean anything. I didn't believe them anymore when they said I was attractive, when they said they loved me. Kissing or fucking became a chore. And then, just after the relationship ended, I couldn't get really over them. 

I told Armando as well that Molly had cancelled. To him I did clarify that it wasn't really a date-date. It was just coffee. We were just going to hang out. That's the reason she said yes. That's why she would definitely like to grab a coffee. Becuase it doesn't mean anything.

I wanted to talk to her, but even in my infatuated stated I convinced myself I wouldn't try to chat until after we meet. As if that were going to make any difference. So, instead I replied back to the Tinder messages. Suddenly after we had our plans, I didn't care about any of those girls. I kept sending messages to Armando, to Monica. I considered chatting up with Sonny. 

The day was long and tiring. I was really looking to write these words.
Even the e-mail from the woman of UNAM with the copies of my degree didn't feel as relieving as they should.

I'm pretty sure I'll be so excited for a moment that either is not going to happen, or just won't meet my unrealistic expectations. Whatever is going to happen will, I suppose.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-03
Words:   750
Minutes: 25

This was the second day of Neuromatch. It went better than yesterday. Fortunately, the tutorial pods were randomized so I ended up with a different group of people. Was it because of Rich rightfully corrected me after I said a stupid thing that I felt uncomfortable?
This was the first time that I felt uncomfortable and could attribute it to being a woman.
No, it happened too when I was in Neurohackademy. Can't really pinpoint the action that triggered it.

This time Era was in my group. Did that have something to do with it?

I've been more than 5 years on hormones and there is still a small voice in the back of my head telling me that I have no right to talk about the issue of women in STEM, because I don't count as a 'real' woman. Of course everyone notices my transness, so it is about sexuality, not gender. Will it ever go away? 

Was it yesterday? No, this morning I received a SMS from Molly. Again she apologized about not replying in Instagram, and affirmed she'd get back to me when she returns on Sunday.

Monica's words stayed in my head when I thought of a reply. Acknowledge and move on. Be cold as possible. I went back to my usual strategy of hiding my feelings and pretend unattachment and apathy. I felt weird after that. 

Hours later she misunderstood my 'What's up' as a literal question, so she told me she was working and asked me what I was doing. I made a small joke about my 'intensive' course, and intentionally made my message as just an answer that could end the conversation.

I was ready to leave it there and force myself to not open the conversation anymore until she would get to me for the scheduling. I was sending that to Monica, when I got a reply from Molly: 'oh, cool. what's the course about?'

I answered back, and then "what's your preferred beer?". 

"so you don't really have as much of a sciences background, then?"

I was waiting for her to put her hands on my face and apply the temporal tattoo on my forehead.  "Whatever it is, as long as you pick it" and "my face is in your hands" were some of the things I was preparing to say. I don't think she ended up doing it, did she?

"Te ves hermosa", she said looking me straight in the eyes. Why was it? I think Alda had just put it on and she was showing off her Spanish. Maybe it was just the "hermosa".
I thought she was playing. Would Monica took it as another good sign? I should stop bringing her up in our conversations. I feel she is kind of getting tired of it.

Yesterday I told her how I have been questioning my sexuality.

Other than the strange crush I had on Vicky, I guess Molly is the first time I have been interested in anyone since Sonny.

It was a video of wisecrack. The video was about Men's health and something related to that. I stopped watching because I lost interest halfway. But, before that, I noticed something. I saw the men differently than I used to. It was the host, and the series of men that were appearing. They looked big and muscular, and I felt... what? It was something between curiosity, amazement and desire. Like a strange urge to be closer to them, touching their chest or being embraced. It was strange. But not new.

I told Monica and mentioned the time with that friend of Francisco and our almost-kiss at Francisco's birthday party in his apartment. We were dancing and I touched his chest and wanted to be closer to him. His hand moved through my back. I wanted so much to kiss him. 

"Oh, si eres..."

We didn't. I will never know what he was talking about. 

I told her about the men I've kissed. The kiss with both Ytzel and Sofia. I've kissed someone with my own name.

"You picked your own name, it doesn't count", tells me that voice.

I guess Molly's conversation died for today.

I like her. I like her too much. God damnit. This is how I get hurt. 

I checked McGill's application dashboard and my degree appears as received. 

Even if our meeting goes great, it is not a date. Even if it is a date, there is still that huge elephant in the room.


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-04
Words:   757
Minutes: 21

We moved the plan of going to Thomson house to today. Armando asked Alda and me if we could this afternoon instead of Friday, as it were the original plan. At first Alda said she couldn't as she has a shift tonight. In our separate chat, I asked him if he was up to going just the two of us. I need to go out, do something. Is it just the course? I feel so exhausted and yet, at the same time, like if I need a distraction. From what, though? 

Last night I had a dream about Monica. There was another friend of hers. We were all on a large bed. Monica's? I was playing with her friend, teasing and flirting. I avoided her kisses, though. Did I look like a guy? I hate those kind of dreams. There was something sexual in the dream but I can't really remember it. I think the friend gave Monica a vibrator. 

I woke up around 7, but stayed in bed until early 8. This time I didn't get up until I absolutely needed to. I woke up with a faint hangover from yesterday's two beers.

No, it wasn't 7, because I replied to Molly's last text 15 min before 7. I replied back even though I didn't really need to. Like the one before there were no following up questions.
Somehow I felt the need to have the last message. When I was in high school, I remember with Monica's chats how I would not send her a message if the day before I had started the conversation. 

She replied back even though I didn't ask any questions either. We exchanged a couple more messages. I guess I'll leave it like that until she gives me her availability in the week-end. Maybe that is why I want to keep busy. It is barely the middle of the week and I feel so tired. 

I thought about mentioning Molly again to my roommates while we were having dinner, but decided against it. 

"I distrust anyone who likes IPAs."

Molly likes IPAs. 

"I went out with this guy I met on Tinder, he lives in the other building next to the park. But I don't think I'll see him, he's too young for me. I think he is 22 years old."

If someone were to read these words, how obsessed would I look? It's not even a date.

I mean, this is the first time that I am interested and meeting someone other than Sonny.
My last date was with Sonny and we were together for two years.

I should keep looking for other people. Those two girls from the apps didn't do nothing from me. One of them offered to exchange discord usernames and I blew her off.
I don't even remember the other one's conversation. 

What is wrong with me?

How else am I supposed to meet people?

Let's say that this weekend plans don't go nowhere. What will I do with this anxiety?

Today's day went quicker. We had a meeting with our project TA. He had a heavy accent and it was hard to understand him. I feel like I am struggling a lot more with my own english. Like words get stuck in my mouth and come out clumsily.

I miss home.

The project is coming out nicely. We read some papers and I didn't feel as stupid as I did the first day. Some of the coding was harder, and I am sure there is a lot of stuff that is going over my head. I am pretty sure that I will take a lot of utility from these lessons. 

I miss Nymi. 

Armando's girlfriend is coming to Canada in a few weeks. Did he struggle with my pronouns this evening? For an instant I was surprised when Alda referred to me as she. It's been happening a couple of times these past few days. Maybe even weeks. Why is that? My levels are supposed to be good. I have an appointment with the dr in two weeks.

Do I miss Sonny?

I think tomorrow I have an appointment with Louis. I don't know if I should cancel him or not. Maybe I could send him a quick message in Teams to see if we can postpone it. Or maybe just notify my team that I'll be out for half an hour. 

Monica is supposed to come later this year. I keep having dreams of her.

I just want this week to be over.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-05
Words:   854
Minutes: 19

Last night, after finishing my words I got back to reading the entries of about 5 or 6 years ago. I had just stopped talking with Monica and was figuring out my identity. It is weird reading my deadname being thrown out so non-chalantly. How long ago since anyone has used it with me? The last times that I can remember are when I was renovating my password, and that time when I visited my father's sisters. There was also that time when Manuel replied to a comment I gave him in Facebook after his phone was stolen. He corrected himself but I still hated him for a while.

I just received a message from Sonny in Instagram. This morning I sent her a message in Signal but she didn't receive it. I thought at first that she might had deleted the app. Later, I remembered how she posted that her phone had died.

Reading how I was being so dramatic with Monica's silence years ago, made me realize that there's no point in this kind of stuff. I sent her another message in Instagram. She asked how I've been. 

"Tired", I said. 

I got an e-mail from Rona Schwartz. It said that they had received my proof of graduation and that my hold had been lifted. It was a reply from the message I had sent a couple of weeks ago. After her silence I decided to just ask UNAM to send the digital copy. I had already paid for the translation anyway. 

And with that, it goes the last big worry I had coming here to Canada. There is no hold anymore over my registration. I am on Hormone Treatment with a canadian doctor.

I ate a bowl of cereal and a banana. That and two beers is all that I had to eat for today.

I've lost count of how many times I've lost and gained weight. I am not fat at the moment, but still I am not at the weight that I wish I would be. 

Monica criticized my English and I now feel self-conscious about it. 

I like my roommate situation at the moment. Just yesterday we went to the Thomson, (Thompson?) house. Alda brought me with her to her friends gatherings. I share a similar humour with Armando. We leave each other messages in the fridge whiteboard.

Monica is right, though, and I told her so: lately I've been feeling clumsy with my english. Like it's hard to think of what I want to say and how to say it. My pronunciation is also different. 

What was the name of that secretary at the NIAAA? She was surprised of why I didn't have an accent. Not only her, for my TOEFL, I had a perfect score in the "Talking" section of it.
It was in the "writing" were I sucked ass.

For the GRE something similar happened. I don't know what  to take from that.
At the moment I just thought that it was my essays skills that were subpar, but now I don't know. 

In Neuromatch, the project is coming along nicely. I had a good idea for our project and Adam seemed to like it. Adam is this PhD student (or is he a post-doc?) in Washington that knows Ariel. I met Ariel two years ago in Seattle when I went to Seattle for Neurohackademy. 

I got an e-mail from a recruiter today inviting me to this job offer for women developers. At first I thought it was an automated message, but when I read it more attentively, I realized it had my name and it mentioned how she was sending it because she liked my profile.

Why is it that I don't believe it? 

Nobody offered me any opportunities for jobs. All of the other universities where I applied for grad school rejected me.

Neda sent me a message today asking about the export of ratings in my app.
Even though I have been avoiding doing any work, I managed to fix both that bug and the broken cohort filtering this evening. 

While I was coding I felt like those dreams where I try to use a phone. Like my mind tries so hard to do something but it gets stuck in a thought. Even now I still feel a little drunk.

When Monica used to tell me I was attractive I felt nothing. 

It's happening again. I don't know how to put into words that thought. 

I thought it was because I didn't want to be an attractive *man*. When Catherine would say it, it was that she liked me, really, as a man, but compensated with my freakish nature.
When Sonny says it, I think how she likes me *because* I am trans. 

I hate how I look. 

I send Monica this picture of me in the balcony saying that there was a chair for her. I looked at the picture and hated me so much. 

It's been more than 5 years of changes, and there are some feelings that are exactly the same as those old entries from a previous life.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-06
Words:   760
Minutes: 27

"Do you want to do something today? We could go somewhere, maybe even that brewery you wanted to go to... great, yeah, we can also ask Molly, she wanted to do something as well". 

It took me a minute to get it. I said yes again, and continued cooking my breakfast. I could not sleep very well. I was tired, I wasn't reading anything on the phone and yet I couldn't relax. I turned around for most of the first middle of the night. 

I don't think I can type the words. I am high, right now.

Around 2am I decided I would start my breakfast before the first project meeting. I would get up and cook the eggs and sausages with fried tortillas even before I would start with the coffee.

We are going to go in around half an hour. Alda and I are waiting for Armando to return home. 'Dieu du ciel!' is the brewery of the beer I like the best here in Canada. 

"Is it the one that is on Laurier Ouest?", asked me Alda as she was texting with Molly. 

"She said that she didn't know, that she had a long day and has to pack for going camping tomorrow. She really wants to go and maybe she will catch up with us. To put her as a maybe."

So, I guess she's camping tomorrow and returning early Sunday. Will we really meet Sunday? Her text said if I were free on doing something on Sunday, so it is not that we will reschedule Sunday.

Will I even get a message?

The project is coming up nicely. We looked at some possible networks to implement. The tutorial also wasn't so awkward.

Yesterday, was it before or after the words? I got a message from Neda asking me about a bug in Qrater. I didn't go to the social meeting, either.

Should I change shirt even though Molly's not going to go?

I feel my fingers weird. 

Does she really want to go so badly? Is it because of me? 

Of course not.

I was coding yesterday after having the second beer. I got back to the PC after I wanted to show Monica the app and my phone could not log in. I figured out it was a csrf token error, but couldn't get the info of how to solve it. I felt like in those dreams where I can't use the phone. I think, now, that I wrote something like this, so I guess that...

20 minutes before we leave. I need to finish this and change.

After showering I didn't put any cream on my hair and braided instead. I had already showered when Alda told me about going out. When I told Monica about that, I said how I didn't do my hair. She actually suggested that I braided... No. I braided after she suggested. Did I? 

Monica said that they look really good. I started telling her about how I feel dysphoric and insecure. I like covering my face. When I thought about going out with Molly I actually thought that I could wear my hair down. 

I've grabbed my phone four times to see the exact words that Monica wrote and I forget what I wanted to do. Instead I'm talking to Armando. It's not possible that Molly's going to go. It will not happen. 

I send a GIF of a dog running with an invisible boddy and its ears flopping. 
"wat"
"Its u... comin"

I still laughing at my own joke, as an idiot. Armando will be here any minute now. His first message said he was 10 minutes away. I need to finish these words, because I can't think of any reason the give them for waiting for me. If I don't do them at this moment I will certainly not write them before midnight.

What would it mean if Molly did end up arriving? 

"Que clase de maybe porque me voy a acampar es ese... si vas a acampar es nel 100%"

I'm still 100 words away from the goal and I think I hear the door creaking. 

I still need to change my shirt, even though she is not going to arrive. 

"Si aparece la Molly me cago pa todos lados".

Will I eat there? I think I finished eating at 8pm. Have I been writing the words for almost an hour? That can't be true. I should get up now and finish my shirt. Molly might end up catching with us there, after all.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-07
Words:   827
Minutes: 19

I'll start my words earlier today. I just ordered the electronics toolkit from Amazon and the GBA stuff from that modding store. It's 1300 right now. I feel a little hungover and with faint leftover effects of last night's mj. 

"Yeah, Molly's just said she's not coming."
"I mean, yeah, I assumed she wasn't going to." 

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't still a little bit disappointed. Later, in the evening, after we had been seated in the terrace, we went back to that conversation about Alda's naive and young-looking date. She added how Molly's also too immature, and in that youth phase of dating so much. 

No, that's not right. I mean, it did happen, but it wasn't the first time that the topic came up. It was when Armando asked her if, if when she invited she had said that I was coming.

"I mean, I didn't say 'Sofia', but I said coming with my roommates...". 

No, not that. It was:

"Yeah, I don't think we're even meeting Sunday." 
"Oh, she offered to go out when she's coming back? You didn't say that, you said she cancelled", replied Armando.

I confessed that I had lied, and said again that I was doubtful. Alda then added: 

"I mean, she does date a lot. At the party she was just mentioning how she went on four dates that week." 
"Oh, you have a lot of competition!"

As I would sent Monica when I came home and went to bed, I do feel intimidated. 

"I mean, I didn't even ask her for a real date. I'm way behind..."

I feel so stupid right now. Like doing something completely foreign to me, and I am coming at it with the worst perspective. 

The brewery was 40 minutes away from our place. It was a long but pretty amenable walk. I enjoyed it, and was a little excited. Halfway there, Armando said how he didn't want to crush our spirits, but it might end up being pretty crowded. We thought that it would be a good idea to form a backup plan in case that we wouldn't be able to be seated in.

Fortunately, that didn't en up happening. The terrace was, indeed, full when we arrived. The hostess offered us to seat us inside or we could wait for a table to vacate. She would save our table inside if we ended up changing our mind. Armando said that he's still not ready to be inside. I don't think I care either way, but I do prefer being outside. 

It was around 15-20 minutes until we took the table in the corner. There was this huge dog on the table besides us. I miss Nymerie. Does she miss me? Does she think of me? My mum mentioned how she no longer sleeps in my bed. She stopped after my aunt and uncle slept in there. She thinks it might be because the sheets no longer smell like me.

 "So, do you think she will end up messaging me Sunday?", I asked Armando on our way home. I don't remember what he replied back. 

Alda and I shared a pitcher of a Stout and a plate of Nachos. Armando chose a framboise beer. Alda and I then ordered a glass of peche mortel each. Finally, before they were to close the kitchen/bar, Alda had a glass of pilsner and Armando a pretzel.

I had half of Alda's peche mortel. I was pretty drunk. Like the night of the BBQ, I was starting to have double vision. I mentioned that time that I peed my pants. Didn't really tell the story, just referenced it. Alda had asked us if we had peed in public. Just as she finished the question, she answered herself that Armando sure had, but wanted to know more about me. Does that mean I pass?

When Francisco started wondering if I were trans, he said that at first, when his suspicions started he wondered if I was transitioning in the other direction. Karen told him not to ask me. "That is not something you bring up." 

Monica said that she didn't know what I was talking about when I brought up 'masculine features'. Even when she was with me, she's always thought that I've had fine features.
I think this is the first time after we've starting to each other that she's brought up our time together. 

It was a contrast to that other time that I talked to her and was telling her about that incident with Said's friend and Diego, and how was worried that they knew I was trans. Then, she was equally surprised about my wonderings, but because of course they would know. It was obvious. 

I guess it is not? I won't even pretend to wonder if it would be better. Of course it'd be harder. But then, again, I guess I still am living in some sort of closet.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-08
Words:   787
Minutes: 28

In my first year —I don't even remember if I was on hormones already— I felt the urge to being seen. Every oportunity to go out, and the potential of being referred as a woman was exhilirating. An hour ago I was just writing in the notebook about that time that I had scheduled a date with Catherine. We would go do something after her return from her shift. She had said she'd be leaving around 5pm. From an hour before that I was already changed and made up. I kept the phone with me and attentive for every notification. Time kept passing and my messages unreceived.

At the end, maybe two hours after that, Catherine finally replied. She had been asked to do her whole 8hr shift. Her phone had died and she was exhausted. We would have to postpone. She was sorry and so was I. I cried, probably. I don't remember if I took off my clothes at that moment or just stayed like that for the rest of the afternoon.

I woke up at 5 in the morning and grabbed my phone as if there were something to be seen in the early morning. I could not go back to sleep. I did my own trick of burying my face under the pillow, but there was no difference.

The packages are on its way. I bought the wood cutting board, the gameboy parts, and the electronic toolkit. The keyboard has supposedly arrived in Canada alreay. I don't know how long before it passes customs. I guess will need to pay tarifs, but I have no idea of how much. 

This is the second half of the weekend that I so hardly waited for. I have showered and put on some shorts and old t-shirt. My nails are painted black just to see something different.
There is some music coming from the window. I can hear it even throught my noise-cancelling headphones. I am almost done with the first part of "La Casa de Papel". I don't think the music is from our neighbors. Or maybe it is. 

My fast is done. I could eat right now, but I don't really feel that hungry. I am losing some weight again. I had been seeing me rounder in the mirror. It is nice feeling content with my appaerance.

Should I go out today, even if no message comes?

I glanced at the phone again.

I could maybe go to the park. Sit in the grass and just relax under the sun. Perhaps bring a book and read for a while. Some distraction and fresh air would come nice. Is this same need of being seen? 

Will Armando notice my leave? Will he ask something or make a question? Do I want to feel noticed?

I don't really want to stay in front of a screen the whole weekend. There is still more than half of Neuromatch left. Yesterday, in the morning, there was a message from Farrokh, our project TA. I felt, something... Are they really expecting us to work on the weekend? 

This is the busiest week that I've had in a long time. Hassan mentioned he is in Germany at the moment. Apparently, he purposefully chose this timing for him. His PI wouldn't let him enroll unless he continues with his experiments.

Have I been this lucky with the choices of PIs in my research career? Would I be able to make it with one of that kind? 

In my mind, when I thought about Molly, I told myself that the feasible window for her message, if there is one, would be between noon and 4pm. 

"Hey!, not gonna lie, for a moment I actually thought you had forgotten about me." 

I'm sure Monica wouldn't agree with that response.

I had to leave for a moment. I got a call. For a minute, I actually thought that it could be her. It was probably the courier, though. And he was. I took my mask and wallet and went upstairs to open the door for him. I got the battery and the toolkit. The cutting board might arrive later. 

I sent a couple of memes to the roommate conversation, and the latest batch to Monica. 
Should I go to Jean Mance park or look for a new different place? I also have the dog park right in front of the building. My original plan was getting a shower and going for a trip to the groseries. Groceries. Monica had corrected me for that word before.

I sure hope that this words will help me with my english. I need to talk with more people. Meet more people. 

Why sometimes do I feel so alone?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-09
Words:   757
Minutes: 30

"So, did she end up sending you a message after all?", asked me Armando this morning when I went to grab a glass of water and he was putting his mug in the dish-washer.
"Who?", I asked, even though I was perfectly sure whom he was referring to.
"Molly". 
"No." 

I kept the phone to my side most of the day. When the plausible time window I had told myself passed, I knew nothing would end up happening that day, and yet still I glanced at the phone waiting for something. I talked with Monica, I send some messages with Armando. I told nothing to Alda. Why did I find it harder to tell her?

She's too young, anyway. I kept saying to myself, to ease it a little. It did not really help.

Now, I'm pretty sure that I'll get a message maybe today, or later this week, apologizing. She might have forgotten after all. Who knows. Maybe she didn't want to go in the first place. In the back of my mind, I'm a little worried that Alda had told her that my intentions were to ask her out in the first place, and that changed her mind. But, even now as I'm reading, I can tell that it comes more from my own insecurities than from reason.

I opened the apps to feel a little less alone. No. That's not true. I got a notification and grabbed the phone a bit excited, only to find a yellow notification. It was from Bumble. A new match. Did it come with a new message? No. I sent the first message.

It was Flore. I don't know if it was becasue I had Monica as an expectator telling her everything, or the sudden burst of loneliness and rejection I had experienced a couple of hours ago, but the conversation did not die this time. 

We chatted and it felt more sincere than other times, more human. At the end, I was thinking of suggesting meeting up for the coffee dates she mentions in her bio, but she said it first. I gave her my number, and by the time I turned my head to sleep, I had a message from her in Telegram. 

I might ask her to meet today or tomorrow. I'll text her in my breaks and see what happens. I sent a last message to Monica asking her opinion, if she thought I would end up getting a message from Molly today, or was the Sunday a sign to not expect anything anymore. 

I got Monica's response.

"Too soon to tell. Pero, hey, a lo mejor te gusta la francesa. Give her a chance".

I got distracted, and thought I had finished this words.

In 15 minutes, a bit less than that, I'll have to sign in to Zoom. We got a message from Farrokh an hour ago, saying that we'll have a meeting today to see what we have done and what we should do. I feel a little bit irritiated by that. We just had a meeting Friday. It was the weekend. What does he expect that we had done?

I guess I'll give the words a rest. I have to be in Zoom in 5 minutes. I don't think I'll manage to type 200 words in that time. 

I sent Monica a screencap of Flore's message, inviting me to ask her out. She likes her better, she says. Probably she's just being nice.

"Don't you overanalyze it, bitch!
I mean it. Give french fry a chance."

She's right. She's so right that I want to laugh and cry a little.

It *is* also too soon to tell.

I didn't send her the screencapture I took of the found photo of Molly in Zoom. 

"I wish she sends me a message, if only to just mention this amazing profile picture", I thought when I took it last night.

3 minutes. 100 words to go. I might make it after all. No. I'll come back. 
There is nobody in the Zoom link. Am I too early? Maybe I am too late. Someone else is here. Ilenna. She's talking to me right now. We're talking about the weekend.

Her projects, her to-dos. Everyone's coming in. 

The Alpha group is being reduced to only 2 people, which means it has to be disbanded. So, that means that our team will integrate them. Is Ming one of those leaving? 
Ilenna is talking about it right now. I don't really care either way. Let's see what happens. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-10
Words:   759
Minutes: 30

"So, I take yesterday was a no-go."

Monica told me not to. Armando said not to, as well. And yet, I did it.

"Don't overthink it, bitch!"

And that, I did, too.

I had the message in drafts, ready to be sent. I was a little drunk, but not quite there yet. I only ate a bowl of rice and had just finished one beer. It was a nice buzz, instead of that excuse I used those years ago when did not want to take responsability of my own thoughts or actions.

This wasn't that. I thought about it. Knew that it wouldn't help anything and, probably, just make things worse. But I did it. I sent it. 

"Do you want to go tomorrow for those decafs? Or would you rather wait for the week-end/your holiday?". 

Did I sent that before or after?

This time I did not have to wait too much for an answer from either.

During one of my breaks I wanted to publish something in IG. At that point was I still looking at the *last time seen online*? The last time I did that was with Catherine, I think just after that incident of Las Vegas? No, before that I guess.

"Do you know those ppeople who like getting scared? As in love horror movies, or thrills and action sports? I'm like that but with misery." 

When we talked about it, I explained how I find comfort in situations where I'm able to put a name to the shitty feeling that I'm experiencing, where I can know exactly what's causing it and why. There wasn't even 24 hours since before we started talking and I was already talking about my depression. 

Why do I feel this again? It's not really sadness. I mean, sure, I'm a little sad and disappointed about the weekend. But, it's not that. I feel something small and dark inside, like a faint urge of burying my neck in someone's neck and start sobbing.

I need to go pick up my pills this afternoon. The pharmacist said to come after 16:00. I can after finishing today's tutorials, maybe take the long route and make a stop in the supermarket.

Flore said she couldn't today. There was no camping trip, but a yoga class. We are meeting tomorrow after work. She would look up some good place that would make justice to the occasion, my first time drinking coffee in a cafe in Montreal. I mean, I had a latte once, but I drank it on the street. I guess that doesn't count. 

I deleted my sent message, as if that were to make a difference. She had seen my instagram stories earlier. Her silence was intentional, I assume. That's bullshit. I'm such a needy bitch. It's fucking Monday.

"Sorry", she reply started. She was camping all weekend. And there was no cell signal. And she came back around 1am. I sent another message back and felt shittier than before.
Last week, I had this strange anxious need to be one to sent the last message. It helped nothing. 

And that was it. I stayed in the balcony half an hour past my beer.

I could not sleep too well. I saw some TV in my ipad until I was more tired. I fell asleep maybe an hour past midnight. I woke up this morning as soon as the sun started to rise, around 6 am. I got up an hour after and showered. It's still two hours until the start of the day. 

I wish I were home. I miss my dog. No, it's not home where I want to be. Just away from here. 

I have a date this week. The conversation with Flore was nice, it felt warm and human. She seems interested. 

"I have a few ideas, but as it will be your first café here, I feel a lot of pressure!"
"No pressure! I have simple tastes."
"No pressure, but responsabilities for sure."
"I'm sure it'll be great"
"Oh yeah, I feel quite good about it" 

That's one of us, I guess.


I could eat something right now.  16 hours have passed since yesterdays meal. I don't feel quite hungry. I'm slimmer now than a couple of weeks ago. I will wait until the afternoon. My coffee is almost done.

I want what I can't have. 

Isn't this supposed to be unedited 750 words of free-writing? Why do I keep deleting those past sentences? Just like that message. It doesn't make a difference. Nothing really matters. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-11
Words:   751
Minutes: 55

I'm halfway on Neuromatch Academy. Flore said that we could commemorate it by going to a café. I just came from laval parc, where we were sitting on a bench in front of a fountainm, chatting. She had her red bike next to her, we had picked it up from in front of the café were she left it before I arrived a little late.

We were talking about the pandemic and our mental health, why I moved fields from psychology to neuroscience, how she's on antidepressants and can't really cry at movies anymore. She decided to walk with me to Av des Pins, where we could split. I'd go south, and she'd go north to take the bike path. 

I mentioned to Monica when I got home how I find it weird here were it's not accustomed to say hi or goodbye with a kiss on the cheek. I never know what to do, so when the time came to say our goodbyes, my insecurity turned my "I'll be seeing you around" in a question. She looked back at me and with this kind of shy and sincere smile replied:

"Uh, I dunno, I hope so?"

I don't have data anymore in my phone until the end of the plan in a couple of days. I warned Flore when I was leaving home, that I'd be uncommunicated and was running a couple of minutes late, so I'd be arriving any time soon. When we split and was walking back with a stupid smile as if I were a foolish schoolgirl. I wanted so badly to just arrive home and text Monica about the night. 

"Maybe it is because of my insecurities, but because the conversations flowed so easily and nice, how she seemed so interested and easygoing, she was interested in me, so deep down I assumed there must be something wrong with her." 

I was actually surprised how much I liked her. Although there were times when I found it hard to understand her, her accent was so sweet. I liked how she'd say 'voilá', as a way to make her point clear. Even as I am writing this, I can't help but smile. 

Today the day was hot and humid. I have the AC turned on right now, and it was on several times during the day when I was on Zoom. I need to shut it off when it's my turn to share my screen and read to the pod. Even then, I turned it on during my break because the heat was unbearable. 

It was hard for me to get up this morning. I woke up after 8 am. When I wanted to shower, Armando had gotten to it first. I still have time to shower and brew my coffee before the start of our project. We figured out how to load our data. I signed for the free trial of one month of google 1, due to the pre-processing and loading of data filled my 15G of storage.

I received the package from retromodding, so I got to change the gameboy SP's case. I'm pretty sure everyone saw how I was busy doing something else while we were working on the second half of the project, but especially during the tutorials. I find them more and more hard to follow.

Tomorrow, I'll have a meeting with Louis. I... 

I start to feel it again. That worry that I did something wrong. That I wasn't charming enough, that Flore will lose interest, or maybe even has lost it already in the minutes that it took me to arrive home. 

I also hope that I will see her again. She had a boyfriend, no, a fiance. She's bisexual. Why did I find it a little bit disappointing? Shouldn't it make things easier? Do I need to tell her that I am trans before I see her again? Will I see her again? 

The keyboard finally got out of customs. It should be arriving soon, hopefully. 
I shared pictures of how my gameboy ended up in Instagram, hoping, again, to see if Molly would see them. She did not. 

I feel really tired. I maybe should take Louis' offer of a time off. But, then again, it might be better off, to wait a little longer until Monica comes here. She will come, will she? It is a sure thing, is it?

I guess it will be easier to stop worrying about if Molly's coffee is still happening.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-12
Words:   765
Minutes: 24

"I made it home without getting lost!
BTW, I had a really great"

I sent a message as soon as I got home. When I was planning to tell Monica, I had thunk about saying something like I have grown accostumed to let the other person know that I've gotten home from living in Mexico, but honestly, I just wanted to let her know. 

I got no answer. I just continued with my night and went to bed. I did not check the phone when I woke up like I used to do last week with Molly. For some reason I didn't feel the need to.

There was something that made me feel weird. It was 6 am. I went to the restroom. I was not wearing my glasses, so when I flushed it looked clean enough. I actually remember checking and explicitly thinking that it looked clean. I guess it wasn't. Not much later I got a message from Armando, asking me to, in the future, check that it's fully clean as it, well, it wasn't. 

I felt so embarrased. Of course I apologized and said it would not happen again. I still felt, unclean. He tried to continue the conversation lightening the issue. I could not get back to sleep anyway.

I showered and got ready for the start of the day at 10. We had a meeting with Farrokh, again. I find our meetings so pointless and a wait of time. I felt tired all day. For a moment I was worried that I might be starting to get sick. It was hot outside, so it might not necessarily be a fever. I had a mild headache and was irritable.

I didn't do much for the coding and designing of our model. The keyboard arrived today. There was no charge for tariffs nor taxes. I just got a notification saying it had arrived. I expected the usual paper telling me to go to the postal office to pick it up, but it was just there. In the first break I didn't do much. I think I just lied on the bed for a couple of minutes. I did not eat until the second one.

Still there was no message from Flore. I started to get a little bit worried. Maybe she wasn't so interested after all. Maybe she noticed my transness and decided to just ghost me. Maybe it would be like Molly all over again. I could wait until after the weekend and ask her about her PI's partner. That was the plan. 

No, her message came right before the second break. She apologized about not replying before, she went straight to bed last night and all of her day had been a rush. She wished me a great day. Then I told her that I was just going to break and having a meeting with my PI. 

I started dismantling my laptop to change the keyboard. I ate one of my frozen burritos at the same time. When we came back to finish the tutorials, I decided to grab the laptop and continue unscrewing the 66 screws of the keyboard. I didn't pay any attention to the extra bonus material.

We finished early. I changed the keyboards and tested it. Everything seems to be working, the webcam, the microphone, the keyboard, of course. Everything but the buttons of the trackpad. It's weird because only the left one is the one that never responds. The other two sometimes are unresponsive, but when I toggle the trackpad in xinput, they start working again. It might be an issue with Linux. 

I tried restoring Windows, but the laptop doesn't boot from the USB.

The conversation continued with Flore. I showed her the pictures and I told her the story behind it. She was impressed, so I sent her also the pictures of the GameBoy.
I told myself that now I don't really care if the conversation with Molly continues, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't check again this morning to see if she had seen the IG stories. She did.

She suggested me to post videos on the internet. She joked how she would lead me into being TikToker. I said I was too old for being on TikTok, so then we chatted a bit about the generation Z and Millenials. 

The conversation flowed really comfortable. I felt so much at ease, that for a moment I even forgot how pretty she is. 

"Mona, from now on call me Porfirio because I think I have a crush with The France"

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-13
Words:   768
Minutes: 19

The second week of Neuromatch is done. One more to go and it's finished. 
A couple days ago —or was it last week?— the other girl in my pod sent me a private message in Zoom during one of the tutorials sessions telling me that she was glad that we were together that time. I replied privately, that I did, too. And indeed, I was. Just the first day I wrote how I really felt different and uncomfortable in a group of only men. 

Today, when Ilenna, again, put me in a group with Rich I was disappointed. He made a comment about how my typing was really loud. I apologized and muted myself, I might had not participated since then. He wasn't really an asshole with his comment, and yet it felt harsh. I don't know. There might have clashed a lot of different feelings and situations. 

When we were in the last 15 minutes of discourse, Era sent me another message privately saying she was lost 80% of the time. Maybe I'm the opposite of Rich. He looks bored and annoyed all the time. He answers succintly and cold, as if sharing the correct answer is the only way to make the dread of sharing time with us shorter. Maybe Era sees in me another person who doesn't understand, who pretends she does but is really lost. Or maybe is just easier to empathize with me as I am the only other woman besides Ilenna, the TA. 

I won't lie, the idea did cross my mind that she might be attracted to me. Maybe she's gay?
Maybe she's a chaser. Or maybe she just wants to know the tranny. 

Flore hasn't replied to the last message I sent last night. Even thought I was just chatting with Monica about her, Molly and Sonny, this doesn't feel like yesterday. I know she was going to that chalet with her lab. Even if it's tomorrow, maybe she just had another busy day. So did I. 

I'm sure that I want to ask her out again after she returns from her trip. Maybe the pizza place she mentioned that other day. Or one of those places that I sent to the roommates group. I might propose to get some food and go lie down on a park somewhere. 

What if it happens the same thing with Molly? What if I come too strong? 

"Y cuando le das sus putazos a la croissant?"

Armando was referring to that phrase he told us, about hitting someone on her lips with his. 

"Idk, el finde se va de camping..." 

Even through text he laughed so hard. He's also leaving for the weekend, he's going to Ottawa to visit his girlfriend and her family. She's going to come soon in a few days.

We joked about it in the messages, and then I realized that Alda doesn't know we're referring to a different girl. She might think I'm way too much into what happened with Molly. And probably I was, maybe I am. 

Monica sent me a screenshot of a post in Facebook and asked me for an explanation. Hadn't I just said that me and Sonny were not talking anymore? This afternoon she sent me a message saying 'Hi'. I replied back when I was heating my food, hours after it was delivered. We haven't really been talking, but I do see where Monica is coming from. 

I feel hesitant to have this conversation with Sonny, about how I am starting to see other people. I should not tell her until it is something serious. But I don't want to admit, even to myself, that this is serious. But it is not, though? It was just a date.

Even now, although I have been writing daily about these two girls that I have just met, I have to convince myself to back down. I feel so in need of human connection that... 

I am afraid of admitting I need them, that I need anyone. I am afraid of putting myself out there and let myself feel, because I might, because I will, get hurt.

What if Flore says no to my asking for a second date? This time we didn't talk about hanging out. It was specifically set as a 'coffee date'. She literally said she hoped we would see each other again. 

Maybe she's just being nice. Molly was being nice. Everyone is nice until they aren't anymore. I was nice until I will tell Sonny that I don't love her anymore and don't really want to keep talking to her. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-14
Words:   1018
Minutes: 27

"Why didn't you come yesterday? It was Molly's birthday!" 

Armando left today for Ottawa. He's going to visit his girlfriend. She's on her grandma's house —was it her grandma or another relative?— so he's visiting her for the weekend and until midweek. Flore didn't reply to my message yesterday, and even though I know for sure that today she's in her PI's chalet, I am feeling a little uneasy. What if it's exactly like what happened to Molly? After today, I don't know anymore. I feel more and more anxious after telling people about our date. Did Molly told people about me asking her out? I guess now that she probably did.

I was setting up my laptop in the living room when Alda asked me if I wanted to join her with her joint. I said yes to join her, but I would not smoke. Earlier —or was it yesterday?— Armando told us of he's trip, and I made the joke to please don't tell me that he was going camping. We joked a bit in the group. I sent him a message that I was a bit worried that Alda sure had thought that I was still hurt by Molly's issue. Maybe that's why she didn't invite me. Sitting there I told her about Flore, and how she was camping. She said that Vix had invited her to go to this market in Saint Laurent and that I could go with them. I agreed. It would be good to get out of the house and do something. She said that even if he cancelled, we could go somewhere just the two of us.

I continued working on my laptop before we left around 14:00. On the way, she asked me to stop at a depanneur for a bottle of gatorade. She told me how she went out last night, it was the birthday of a friend of hers so they went to get drinks. Apparently the girl from Lizz's party, the one that had that fight with her friend. She was still talking about it. That was as much as Alda told me about the day before at that point.

We met Vix and Sam. Was Sam her name? I am getting worse and worse with names. I don't remember a single name from the group of frat guys. They continued talking about last night. They asked us if we had seen a smoothie place. I guess they were also pretty hangover. We walked around. I answered Sonny's messages. 

Yesterday Monica sent me a screencaption of Sonny's tag in Facebook: "A ver a ver; explicame esto. No que ya no hablaban". She asked me if I had told Sonny about Flore. Of course not, is nothing serious yet, I said, even though I am experiencing all these sort of feelings that I can't honestly remember the last time that I felt them. She said that someone could get hurt. Even though she was worried about me not getting over Sonny, I think she wasn't wrong. I don't feel the same thing for Sonny, but it is pretty probable that someone will get hurt if I continue being this careless.

I decided to talk with Sonny today. Before getting into the shower, I told Sonny how Monica had scolded me.

"Madre del creador."

I sent her a couple of messages that I was worried, and told her that the last thing I'd want to do is hurt her. 

"¿Por qué lo harías?"

"Cuz you still have feelings for me."

"And I know clearly you don't."

"No como antes"

"Yo sé", was the last message she sent. The last quote of me saying that I don't want to hurt her was left unrecieved.

After the walk, the group decided to meet these guys they had met last night. They were at this place in old Montreal that apparently was quite nice. We took the metro there. I felt uncomfortable from the moment we saw them. They were this group of american men in their mid thirties, celebrating a bachelor's party for a future groom. The restaurant was quite accomodating in seating us together. Alda had mentioned she was debating going to her date or not. Then she had the idea of asking him to join us. When we were there she finally decided she would go. I felt thankful to have an excuse to leave. 

In the middle of the awkward conversations, Vix turned to me and asked me why I didn't go to Molly's party. Did I remember right then and there how I had suspected it was hers?
Was I that surprised? At the moment I didn't even wonder how he knew I've met Molly. 
Molly had said she worked with him. Probably she told him. Was that the reason he asked me about recent dates?

I felt awkward talking to yet another person about Flore. What then, when she cancels me later, or she just stops replying to my messages? Like now, I guess. No. Her Bumble profile clearly states she's kilometers away. It also states that she's looking for a relationship, so she's probably not avoiding to "put all her eggs in one basket". 

"I didn't say anything because I felt bad about not inviting you"

Alda told he how she kinda understood; apparently she heard her —or maybe she told her personally?— that she felt weird about going out with a friend of a friend. Did they talk about me? Someone at least told Vix. 

Molly had a great date with this other girl named Molly. They asked her if that meant that she would stop seeing the other girls, but she answered no. I guess I dodged a bullet.

My eyes were crying all day, but mostly on the way home. 

"Don't worry, you'll find other Mollys", Alda joked.

"I swear I have gotten over her!", I joked at the same time.

It is not about Molly's, now clear, rejection; or the anxiety about Flore's potential rejection; or the rejection I sent Sonny. Why do I feel like crying now, for real? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-15
Words:   767
Minutes: 22

"Cómo estás, Sofi?

"Porque... te puedo decir Sofi o te puedo decir mi amor?"

I think I've been forgetting taking my hormones. This early morning, half-awake, I had an orgasm in my sleep. I don't remember exactly what the dream was about, or even if it was really a dream. There were no images, just sensations.

I kept thinking about Molly's numerous dates and if Flore could be doing something similar. Was I one of her baskets? I opened Flore's Bumble profile and in there she does state that she's looking for a relationship. My insecurities make me forget that she liked my profile for a reason. If she weren't attracted to me, she could had just swiped me in the other direction like the tons of other people in there. Or she could had just ignored my message. Or declined the date. Or finished it as soon as we exited the café.

She hasn't returned from the chalet. It wasn't the intention when I opened the profile, but right at the bottom it stated that she was 73km away.

I asked Monica if I could invite her to the second date myself, or should I wait for her to take the initiative now?

I retook yesterday's conversation with Sonny. I didn't mention any of the girls or that I am, or at least trying to, seeing other people. She probably suspects it.

Alda came back from her date with baby-face. She was smiling when she told me that she now knows that she doesn't 'feel it' with him. They even kissed, she added. But he was "too soft". They talked about a third date, though. 

I fixed the trackpad issue with tango. Or at least I thought I did. When Alda asked me if she could see the OS, I turned it on and did the fix, but it was still unresponsive. I added a wallpaper and set up the ssh keys to github and the clusters.

Paty posted a story with a bag of popcorn, two potatoes and a roll of toilet paper over a cutting board and the caption: "es de adultos ir a robar comida a la casa de tus padres, no?". 

"Paty, no te comas el papel de baño."

We continued joking around, and flirting. I sent a screencap of the conversation to Monica. She didn't know at first who she was. When I sent her the pm, even I worried that I had gotten her name wrong. Maybe flirting is just fun. Maybe people actually like it instead of thinking you're a creep. It all started at that evening at the mezcales place. It was someone's birthday. Why did I started with the flirting? What were we playing?

"Ay Sofi, nomás porque tengo novia, sino super sí."

I should get to the NMA coding. I said that I would work on it and test it on the weekend. I feel the heavy burden of not really knowing how to do it or even where to start that keeps me from getting my hands on it. I feel tired. I just want to lie down on the bed and take a long nap.

My mom sent me yesterday a couple of pictures of Nymi playing with my uncle in the sofa of the living room. I miss that house. No, it's not the house, I miss my dog.

Miguel doesn't see the messages I send him on Telegram. Is it that he doesn't see them or that he ignores the notifications? It's the same single checkmark under those messages that is under the ones that I sent Flore.

When I told Alda that I was a little worried after everything that happened yesterday, she tried to calm me down saying that sometimes shit happens and if she's camping, it is understandable that she's not on her phone.

I don't really expect her to reply back during her trip, do I? Why am I this clingy and needy? It is like the complete opposite of how I know I get after really knowing someone. It happened with Monica, with Catherine, and with Sonny. I neved have been on something casual with anyone. Does Helena count? I guess we kissed and our day visiting the main cathedral in downtown Salamanca could also count as a date. We walk all along braga, and she even asked someone to take our picture. She wasn't that interested later. I was an awkward shell of a person by then, to be fair. 

I guess that, as rejections go, Molly's went as soft and kind as they can be.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-16
Words:   767
Minutes: 18

I promised myself and Monica that I would wait until she replied.
I couldn't. What was I thinking? In my head I would send the message and in a couple of minutes all of them would get the double checkmarks and I'd receive an apology saying that she hasn't gotten a notification, like it used to happen with Sonny, and then a conversation would be sparked and I'd feel a small glimpse of happiness.

But nope. Instead I sent the message, now I feel like shit because I couldn't wait half a day, I'll be looking overly-desperate and clingy and she will lose the little interest that she used to have (if there was really any left). What now? Either she replies in a couple of hours and I'll feel like this huge idiot for obsessing over such a stupid thing, or she won't and I'll feel anxious for the rest of the week. 

Sometimes I really hate myself.

Tomorrow is the appointment with the doctor. I had thunk that I could go on without mentioning my medical worries of the last few months, or my mental health issues that have been coming back. I felt OK for a couple of days, but I think I'm hitting a rough spot again. I feel like crying. There is this pressure deep in my chest that is hugging my throat. I feel the edges of my eyes getting moist. And I am so, so tired. 

I woke up at around 4 am. This time I didn't have a sexual dream. Did I forget my pill again? It's not even an hour since I sent the message and I keep checking the phone. This will sure be another Molly situation.

Maybe I failed to be charming. Maybe she feels like Alda, but without her pressure to keep going. Probably I'm just overthinking shit again.

I feel so alone sometimes. 

Hao-Ting posted a question in Twitter asking if anyone knew where she could buy V60 filters. I replied to her that I had bought them from this café near that metro station. She sent me a personal message stating the she has arrived. But not to worry, she's meeting a friend downtown. She has friends here already. What friends do I have? Alda's? 

"Why didn't you come yesterday?" 

I feel tired. The break is almost over. 10 minutes left and I will have to get back. Then there won't be a break until the very end. 

Why did I feel the urge to come out to Alda? 

Yesterday I messed up my laptop's settings and it was almost unusable. I decided to try to fix it in the early morning as I was already awake and I wouldn't probably be able to go back to sleep. I showered at around 5 in the morning, brewed some coffee and went at it. It took me more than an hour to just figure out how to connect to the fucking internet.

It's all done, now, though. My laptop seems to be working and is able to connect by ssh to this PC.

5 minutes and I'll have to go back. I don't think I will make it. I still have more than 200 words to go. 

What did I do? Was it that she had to carry the conversation? Maybe she noticed my transness, the stubble, perhaps. Or a misstep in my voice. No, she wouldn't had said "I hope". It could had been just niceness. 

Everyone is just nice. Paty was just nice. No, she was probably horny. Maybe I'm a fetish. Some novelty that she can scratch from her list. Francisco told us how he was with this trans girl. We can be quite the story, I guess.

I'm sure in the future, Sonny will happily tell how I would stop her from touching me and break down crying and covering myself under the sheets. Catherine would tell about those times we covered the mirrors with sheets, except at the moment she was a freak like me. 

"Hello", I hear from my headphones. Ilenna is back. I should be back. I'll finish the 100 words left at the next break. Nobody is here. I have my camera and microphone off. I still have the music sounding. I will wait until more people turn up. Just not be the last one. 

I want this to end. I feel so tired. I wish I could lie down over my bed again. 
Alex came back, but there is no image. My words are done. I'll finish this and then go to bed and cry. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-17
Words:   800
Minutes: 21

"Here is my phone number *, in case you want to move the conversation somewhere else —like another app or a literal place in the real material world."

I woke up early again. This time not like yesterday at 4 am, but still, before 6. I wasn't as tired this afternoon. I'm just now getting to this words. I have less than half an hour to type them out. I had resigned myself to skip them today and lose the half of a month that I've accumulated. I was ready to stay the night at Alice's. I pass the razor over my face, grabbed my pills for tomorrow morning and left the can of beer half empty in the coffee table. 

"Wanna come over and have some tea?
"I know it's fast but you seem fun and I wanna get to know you", she added with a heart at the end. 

I was wearing shorts in the balcony, feeling small droplets of rain on my thighs when I read her message.

This morning, after I saw yet again that Flore was still not online in Telegram, I wondered if she had really gotten a problem with her phone. What would happen then? Would she look for me? No. I am lying to myself. I didn't do it because of that. It wasn't that I wanted to make sure that she, or more correctly, I could reach her. I wanted to make sure that she wasn't online anywhere else. Not even that, I wanted to see her presence online somewhere so I could at least know she was, in fact, choosing to ignore me.

Yesterday I asked Miguel if he could read my messages. The messages I sent had the same single marks. The statement under his name marked exactly how he had been online within the past week. 

I decided to ignore Alice's message thanking me for tonight, after I chose to come back home. Maybe what I felt with her is what Flore felt after the date. Maybe it's what Molly thought would happen and why decided to not follow up. 

Again, I feel like crying. 

20 minutes to midnight. Sonny asked me for a zoom call to help her order her macbook. Like all of the other times. I told her I was ready, and for some reason expected her to be there at that precise moment and became irritated after she wasn't. I had just decided to risk not coming back early enough for tomorrow's class and go hook up. Her lose. She replied when I was already sitting at the table, wondering where all of my attraction had gone.

Flore knew none of my last names. I didn't know hers. I had her phone number as she had mine. But if her phone was lost, she wouldn't be able to connect to either telegram nor bumble. Maybe I could add her on Facebook or IG. I searched for her in both, but nothing came up. We have no friends in common, which makes everything harder.

I became the creepy guy that I always fear people see me as. I knew her PI is a woman, and portuguese. She is at UdeM. Computer Science. I used those three datums and found the personal website of her PI. There was a page of her lab members and in there it was. Master's student since 2019: Flore Caye. 

I added her number as a contact and she appeared on Whatsapp. There is no online message in there either. No new pictures in Instagram since last year. No new information except that I hate myself. 

Paty's flirting fun came really cross to uncomfortable. This is no playing anymore. If I were my own girlfriend and found that conversation I'd be pretty pissed.

She posted about looking for a psychiatrist so I offered asking for some references that weren't as expensive as they usually go. 

"Si abro la foto y no es una nude, estaré muy decepcionada.
No sé qué es peor... que no fuera nude o que me dijeras "amiga"

I had my telehealth appointment with the Dr. I didn't mention the worms, but did tell her about my try to reach her. I also asked for a reference for a counselor. She brought up the possibility to continue medication for depression.

I need to call and set up the appointment. I'll do it Friday so it will be next week.
While I was looking for Flore, I got Alice's match. During our chat before the start of Neuromatch, I thought she was precisely what I needed to forget about Flore, just like I used Flore to get over Molly's rejection. 

It's almost midnight after our first date and I feel a little bit worse than when I woke up.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-18
Words:   877
Minutes: 19

"Pero, aún así, en el fondo pensaba: 'oh, esto fue lo que sintió Flore'. Y cuando venía caminando venía pensando en eso, y medio me deprimí.
"Incluso pasó por mi cabeza, com el 'ay ya, cogemos y ya, es una noche', y yo creo que si hubieramos estado en un sillón o así, hubiera hecho un move. Como, hacerlo nomás para pensar que sí lo hice y evitar todo lo que estaba sintiendo y pensando."

Even though I told myself that there was no reason for it, I grabbed the phone in the early morning expecting to smile. I had set the alarm for 8, right around 1 in the morning I finally went to bed. I had taken the videocall with Sonny to help her with buying her laptop. She asked me where I want. I deflected asking her if she really wanted to know. I knew that would answer her question in a very cruel way. 

I didn't want to get online today. Even last night, I guess that one was of the reasons I decided to go and spent the night there anyway. When I told Monica a couple of minutes ago... I forgot the end of that thought. I am high again. I do feel a little depressed since my walk back home.

I looked for Flore. No, this was yesterday. Today I added on her Facebook, though. I sent the friend request. That way I gave her an option to contact me even if she lost her phone, or I would see if the denied the request and finally get the resolution that her silence was intentional. I fell like I wrote this before. Maybe it did happen yesterday.

I cancelled the request and then sent it again. She hasn't connected back nor denied it. Paty said yesterday she did delete the app. The days would keep incrementing like Flore's.

I went through her pictures. There are some when I don't really feel attracted to her. She remembers me too much of Aliza. Did that night in DC really happened? I remember very vividly scenes of someone grabbing my breasts and kisses in the neck. But they didn't happen, did they? It was surely a dream.

But there are other pictures of her lips so vividly red, and her eyes so bright, and her face round. It hurts. When Alda told me that she might had really lost her phone, she refers how then communication would end completely. 

But that doesn't make a difference if ... I don't want to write about this.

I made myself a sandwich. I ate a bowl of grapes and two cold wienner sausages. Ilenna asked us to take the picture for Neuromatch webpage or something. I feel like my beard was dark and black. And everyone will se it and everyone will feel the coldness in the chest that I had when I heard Alice's voice at her entrance.

I saw her face when she laughed and how she would move her hands around. I saw her flatter chest and her skin and smooth skin. I fixated on all the ways she was more femenine than me and the ways she wasn't enough. Half of them made me jealous and the other self-conscious.

I'm being cruel again. She doesn't deserve this, and neither should I.

I feel tired again and don't want to do this anymore. I sent Alda a message in Whatsapp, asking her to tell me whenever she'd go to SDQ to buy marijuana. I wanted to smoke. I knew that I've started to feel heavy again. Inside. In my chest and throat.

I paused the video from my zoom during the last third of the course, and I started to cry.
Again Ilenna put me on the same group as Rich. I hate it. I want this to end.

I feel like crying again. Or grabbing the last beer. I'll save it for tomorrow.

I need to lie down and have a good cry. I need to make the appointment for the counselor.
I sent a message to Paty and explained the autism issue she's been having. I, again, kept talking about the girls to Armando. When we talked about surrogacy and IVF, he made some mixed comments, both insinuating that he knows about me, and that he doesn't. 

Maybe he doesn't.

Does Alda? Does it really matter? I should not make any comments.

I thought about sending a message to Molly asking her if she knew any queer places around "for myself, don't worry". That is so stupid. I'm glad that I never got to it. Why do I feel the need to continue? I sent the message to that other girl I never replied to in Tinder.

I'm sure soon enough I'll log back in and the conversation will be gone.
I frooze my profiles in the apps. Some website mentioned that when the distance stops appearing is because the user hasn't logged back in, or they've frozen it.

Maybe Flore did that. Maybe she did it to get away from me. Telegram, Bumble, all gone. That's stupid. Maby she met someone else. No. She just doesn't care. She feels just as I do now for Alice. 

Everyone does, everyone will.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-19
Words:   872
Minutes: 28

"Sali con alguien la semana pasada. Y segun yo todo super bien, pero ho yme di cuenta que me ghosteo.

"De pronto ya no le llegaban mis mensajes y me saco de pedo. Y fue como 'ah, esta ocupada'.
"Y a los dias se me hizo raro. Y yo 'ah, quiza se le perdio el fonono', entonces le mande solicitud en FB. Hoy vi que la rechazo. Entonces es como ' ah, creo que no era eso, haha"

"No es tanto el rechazo, sabes? De eso ya me acostumbre, pero, no se, el que yo pense que todo iba bien... 

" Tu como estas? Sorry si fue mucha informacion/intimidad muy pronto." 

I'm in the balcony right now. I've drunk two ciders and one beer. It's not even 5 o'clock. I'm already seeing double, but I don't really care. I deserve just one evening of letting loose.

I checked like I usually do, but this time the button for the friend request didn't appear. Facebook only gave me the option to send her a message. I opened Victoria's profile to double check and it appear the same way. I'm already busy with the feelings that I'm experiencing, so I won't even get into Vicky's issue, but I thought it was pretty obvious that Flore had just denied my friend request. Then, everything became clear. She had deleted Telegram. When I gave her my phone she offered whatsapp. When I got her telegram message, the same profile picture welcomed me as the one in her Bumble profile. Maybe she created the app just for me? Then, there wouldn't be any issue to just delete the app. I was talking to Armando, when I realized it myself. We were in the middle of the project half of the day. Everything is done, we were just setting the slides for tomorrow's presentation. I knew that I wouldn't be able to follow up with the tutorial. Also, there was a way too high chance to be in the same sub-pod with Rich. "It's too much, man." 

I counted the minutes until the first break. When the breakout rooms were finally closed. I stayed until everyone closed their video and I said:

"Hey, Ilenna, uh, I'm not feeling very well right now, is it OK if I skip this tutorial? I need to make an appointment with a counselor and, yeah..."

"Yeah, sure, it's not problem. You have all of the attendance. There's no problem."

I took her words at heart and disconnected from Zoom. The slides should be ready for tomorrow, and, honestly, I don't really give a shit if everything is ruined for my "one-minute" participation in our slides. 

I called to McGill's Wellness Hub and waited to be received by the secretary to ask for an appointment with the counselor. The next available time is at september's 7th. 

Whatever. 

Monica told me not to. "Don't look her up or send her anything."
I did it anyway. I sent her a message stating the facts. I sent her her the Facebook request because I thought my messages hadn't been delivered, maybe something happened to her phone. Anyway, sorry for not getting the hint. Of course the message is unreplied. I don't expect it to go any differently. I was right, calling her our won't make me feel any better. But, still, I do feel a little bit better just getting the last message. 

I told Armando I would get a break from dating for now. Yet, I sent like 5 different messages to 5 different girls, including Alice. 

Yesterday's my mum's birthday. I sent her a message today, but I still feel like I fucked up.

"Guys, I'm having a blue day and I'm really considering getting super drunk and ordering a pizza. D you want any?"

Alda replied to me that she had some white rum. Later she said that she's getting a test for her cough. She doesn't really believe that she's gotten COVID. I don't either. But I still won't go to the lab or any place until she gets her results. If she tests positive I'll schedule a test for my own. 

It'd be a really good excuse. A part of me hopes she's gotten it, just to have an excuse to feel bad. 

One of the girls from tinder replied to my message. I guess that means I should not go out with her. This morning I was just thinking how I went with Flore, or sent her a message because I was dealing with Molly's rejection. It all started with that 22 year old girl. 

"Heey, I was thinking... You didn't invited me to your party, it was because I am gay, right?" 

Armando laughed and told me to send it. It was really what I felt, except it's because I am trans, not gay. I am pretty sure that that was the reason Flore ghosted me. I talked a little about it with Monica. 

She didn't make any mention to her thoughts of a couple of years about it being pretty obvious. 

I need to pee. I am pretty drunk right now. I will get even more.

Hopefully I won't make a fool of myself tomorrow, or even tonight.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-20
Words:   758
Minutes: 30

"Hey, sorry, I'm in Vancouver visiting family so I haven't been on my phone too much!
"What do you mean you weren't invited because you're gay? I'm a bit confused!"

Even after having my answer, the habit is hard to break; I went to check the Flore's profiles as if I were to find something new in there. I deleted the Bumble match, made my instagram private, and even blocked Catherine on somewhere else, as if that had something to do with anything. 

Monica told me not to. Armando would had said the same thing. Every blog post about ghosting stated that I should not make any other attempt of communication. I sent her a message anyway. Of course it went unreplied. Alice's also stayed that way. I guess she was expecting something else from that night. What would I had done if she had answered back? I would have been way more direct. "Sorry about that night, I was really confused about everything. I am just getting back into dating and ended up a little disoriented. Do you want to hook-up?" 

Maybe it's a good thing she ignored me. It's what I should had done several times before now. 

I drunk myself into stupidity, and finished the job with correctly-smoked marijuana. I'm sure I've had this realization before, that I was smoking wrong. I had to actually inhale the smoke into my lungs for it to take any effect. 

Alda joined me in the evening and we watched some movie in netflix. We went to the park and smoke another joint. She asked me if there was something that had happened to put me in that state. I lied at first, but then, little by little, told her what had happened with Flore. 

I also told the story to Paty. We had moved the conversation to Whatsapp. After I started she told me she wanted to hear what I wanted to say. I made a joke if it was only for my pack. In any case she did leave me seen after I finished, so I guess there's also that. 

Just now I'm thinking about taking the conversation again. I would like to ask her what the hell happened years ago when we flirted. Am I really attractive? 

I don't remember if it was yesterday or this morning when I sent all those messages to those girls in Tinder. Today it was the conversation with Nicole. We talked about books and games. After some back and forth I asked her about her intentions with Tinder, and that's when the conversation died. It's probably a good thing. 

In the morning, while I was brewing my coffee I had this idea in my head that I had nothing to lose anyway. Even if Molly suddenly out of nowhere sent me a text asking to meet somewhere somewhen, it would be pretty stupid to agree. So, I drafted that old joke I had told Armando about the party-drama and me not being invited. I just wanted **something else** to happen, maybe. 

I sent it. An hour ago I got a reply. 

Neuromatch has ended. This was the last day. If Flore had not ghosted me I could have told her that it's my last day and it would be great to celebrate going out, maybe one of those mexican places I looked up, or that pizza place she mentioned. But she deleted Telegram, and denied my Facebook request. And I ordered pizza yesterday and got almost-blackout drunk in my own sadness.

I don't think it was me being trans, right? Would she had agreed to the rest of the night? Maybe it was the annoyance of when I couldn't decide about going back in the direction of Park Ave instead of heading to Plateau. Maybe she just wanted a break for her holiday and I rushed things. Yeah, that was probably it. But, why would she delete the app in the middle of our conversation? Maybe she met somebody else. Maybe it doesn't really matter anyway. 

I'll meet somebody else, maybe. Some day. I hope. 

Once again, I was in the same tutorial pod with Rich. This time I did send a message to Era in Discord stating how it was too bad that Ilenna didn't put us together. And then I mentioned Rich. I thought she wouldn't answer back but she just did. 

I also didn't expect a response from Nicole, but I got one just now. Just remember, Sofia, don't open yourself or you'll get hurt once again.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-21
Words:   816
Minutes: 27

Yesterday Nicole's message stated that she's not looking for anything but friendships given that she's just out a relationship. Is being on Tinder looking for new friends really a thing? 

The conversation died anyway, just like they usually do. There was this other girl I've already forgotten her name. She asked me about my PhD, and made a specific question about neuroplasticity. She has this condition that had her bedridden, but after some new therapy in Australia, she's now better than ever. 

She might be telling the truth, she may be a really good bullshitter. The conversation also died. 

Alice never replied back, of course. It was a sure thing that I wouldn't get a reply from Flore. Even that stupid joke I sent to Paty asking her if she had fallen asleep again, and that the nudes would end up being unsent again, was unseen or at least unreplied. After I answered —maybe I shouldn't had— Molly's confusion, she didn't answer back either. I thought about sending another message, following up, clarifying more, maybe even commenting on the weirdness of Vix's comment, somehow shifting the blame. Fortunately, I had the good judgement against it. Nothing good has ever come from sending another message. I already shitted the bed with that text after her Sunday's silence. I fucked up with the Facebook request, and then that 'last word' kind of thing that I went rogue with and sent to Flore by SMS. That desperate and lonely message to Alice was a big "fuck you" to her face. 

I am such a shitty excuse of a person. 

I've been thinking about that all day long.

Hao-Ting sent me a message yesterday that she'd be looking at an apartment in the Plateau and we could do something near that area. I agreed to the distraction, maybe getting out of the house would make me good without having to resort to alcohol again.

I wasn't right.

I had another sex dream with Monica. I kind of hate and love those dreams. They feel really good while they last. But, then, as soon as I wake up, I become conscious that in the dream not only was I with Monica, but I was also a man. I am filled with this guilty sense of disgust and shame. It's completely not worth it. I don't think I'll ever share those with her.

Last night, I don't remember how exactly the conversation took that turn, but I started telling her about Sex Reassignment Surgery in Thailand. She told me how she loved that I could tell her that kind of stuff. It did feel great, having someone to talk about those kind of issues without really worrying that she'd see me any different.

"Some day you gotta teach me. You gotta keep talking how things are for you and what changes you'll like to see —because yesterday I was shocked at the many stuff happening around you that I didn't know, I mean, I know they happened, but it rips me apart when it happens to you.

"Enseñame a ser mejor aliada/compa/buddy."

What was it that I was telling her about? Maybe my insecurities with dating? I think I remember mentioning her about that Airbnb room that denied me after I confessed to being trans. 

"You're not my trans woman friend, by the way. Siempre que hablo de ti es como mujer. Jamás menciono mi amiga trans. A nadie le he dicho eso. Just so you know."

I remember a couple of years ago, when Monica, my ex, was the only person in my life that had taken my transition badly. For a good time in my life, I really thought I would never talk to her again. I remember having these sort of dreams where we would reencounter and make ammends and I'd wake up with this nostalgic and melancholic pain in my heart. 

Same thing with Anahi, after that trip to Mexicali and knowing she had blocked me, I thought it was it for her. Maybe something similar will happen with Flore? 

Pft, that is such a stupid idea.

The only way that I continued talking with Molly after those cancelled plans and leaving me stranded was my stupid joke.

I blocked Catherine last night for some reason.

I got another messages from Eusebio that they're both leaving Saturno behind. Issues with the other business partner.

I sat in Jeanne Mance park with my book and headphones to wait for Hao-Ting. I looked at people walking in the park. There were a lot of people doing sports and riding bikes. I fantasized about somehow seeing some french girl riding a red bike wearing this red flowery dress.

She would just ride past me without any care in the world. And I would not be able to do anything but follow her with my sight until she disappears in the horizon. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-22
Words:   775
Minutes: 20

"Hay algo que no te he contado, o sea, a nadie. Nadie. No se si hay algo que contar, pero ayer que te dije que estaba leyendo el diario me acorde. Y ahorita que mencione a la Flora, igual." 

I sent Monica a picture of Aliza and one from Flore. They were both looking to the right, with short hair and a faint smile. Yersterday I reviewed the previous days from this journal. It was weird reading about the night after the party I met Molly. Or then how I would talk about matching up with Flore and the nervousness and excitement of the first date. Those moments of anxiety due to her silence after my message seemed like foreshadowing of what would later come. 

I had opened Whatsapp, specifically the window with all of the contacts. I clicked on her name as if something different would appear. I was perplexed when something unusual actually did. Under her picture and name, the words *Online* appeared. For a moment I paused, as if I needed to think what to write. As if writing a message to be read was a good idea. 

Maybe an hour ago I was browsing Bumble when Molly's picture came up filling the screen. The first instinct was to take a screenshot and get out of the app. I sent the image to both Armando and Monica. Their reactions were a bit different, but still they shared the same idea. 

Nothing happened after I swipped right. Was I really expecting something to happen? At least now I didn't make the mistake of closing the app with nervousness over and over until the profile disappeared. Swipping left, I'm sure I would obsess over the question of what would she had done when seeing my profile. Now, I'll know if she does swipe right. Althought, to be honest, I don't know what I'd do after that.

"You're going to look stalkerish, and obsessive." 

I'm pretty sure I have already crossed that bridge with my stupid joke. Armando is right, though. Her reply was too dense to be sincere. Of course she knew what I was referring to. Maybe.

Alda didn't come last night, according to Armando. I didn't want to get up in the morning. I stayed in bed until noon. I woke up around nine without any motivation to do anything. I masturbated and tried to go back to sleep in the heat of midday. 

I put on some shorts and went to the depanneur. I bought myself two bottles of wine to drink while I watch the Evangelion movies. Last night I saw the first one. Right now I'm watching the last one.

I put on a meme on Instagram to see of who would look at it. Nobody special liked the picture I posted yesterday -or was it Friday?

I upped the age limit of the apps, but I haven't gotten any special matches. Aren't matches supposed to be people that I feel attracted to? A couple of them I left in there without any intention to message. I had maybe other two in the evening, but I don't feel any need to contact them. There is this girl that I actually liked, but I've ran out of __likes__ to give. I'll have to wait 12 hours before I can swipe right again. 

I actually snoozed Bumble after the Molly's-right-swipe fiasco. Then I thought that I wouldn't really make any difference and cancelled the time off. I should get off them in any case. I don't see any people that I'm really interested in meeting.

I keep going back to Flore's deleted conversation. God, I'm so pathetic. It's been half of a month and I still keep thinking about these girls whom I have met, literally, once.

Alice, Molly, Flore. None of them had I really met for more than a third of a day.

I'm still not sure if I should go tomorrow to the lab or stay home and work from here. Maybe I could wait until tuesday. Tomorrow there might be a Neuro meeting. I think all of this week is still Louis holiday. This week is still Flore's. 

I have my answer. She's still haven't connected once to Telegram so it's pretty obvious that she's deleted it. She connected to Whatsapp, so she's surely received my pathetic SMS. She denied the desperate FB request...

I deleted the last part of the paragraph. The idea is so stupid that it doesn't even deserve to be typed out.

I should work. Focus on my project. Maybe learn to be on my own for once. I surely do need that.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-23
Words:   831
Minutes: 27

"Hey, Flore. Sorry if I seem too pushy." 

I checked the same apps, the same contacts lists, around 20 times before falling asleep.
Just typing what I remember of the draft of the message in my notes, I feel cringy. I knew it was a bad idea to begin with. I started having this headache due to the red wine. I sent random messages to strangers in Tinder. I don't remember the exact time I fell asleep.

I couldn't get up from bed. I hid my face under a pillow to cover from sunlight, from the world. I don't think I got any new matches. I did get a message from one of the matches that I didn't contact. The other girl had started travelling and her distance kept increasing. She's now 500 kilometers from me. She looked too much like Sonny. Too masculine. This morning I saw she added how she doesn't wear make-up nor dresses. 

I have a date for this Thursday with M. She's this half-moroccan girl who's also just broken up with her gf from Dubai. I don't feel attracted to her pictures, but I need the distraction. I am such a piece of shit sometimes. I just hope I won't do what Flore did with me.

I told Monica yesterday that I wasn't sure about deleting Molly and Flore from my contacts. The former, I thought I would look even worse if I suddenly unfollowed her from Instagram. The latter I just didn't want to. I think it was also yesterday when I saw Molly's profile in Bumble. Yes, I wrote about it. I remember now. 

Had I already deleted them when I saw Molly on Tinder? I swiped right, even though yesterday I had realized it was the bad choice. It's like somehow I expected something to happen. Minutes later, when Alda appeared, I didn't make the same mistake.

I sent a screenshot of the profile to both Armando and Monica. Does it count as __outing her__? Armando already knew, even before me, that she swipes girls sometimes. Monica didn't though. I am such a piece of shit most of the times. 

I sent herself a message and we chatted for a bit. She offered me to apply to her job a a tutor. There would be a 1k dollar referral bonus that we could split. I found it so hard to work today, that it wasn't hard to realize that it wasn't the best idea. At least not for now. Maybe after I talk with the counselor.

I erased Molly's number with ease. Flore's was harder. I kept checking WhatsApp, until her name stopped appearing. There is still that image of the message I sent her with her phone in it. Even then, there is still the contact information in Telegram with her phone number inside. But, even now as I tried to remember the draft of the message I wanted to send, even with my own permission to rewrite now, I couldn't come up with anything that didn't seem so pathetic. There is nothing left to tell her.

If she wants to, she just needs to reopen Telegram and I would be right there. I don't think it's going to happen. 

I did have a new match, even a new message. It was this girl from Bumble. A photographer coming from Australia in her thirties. I forgot about her until half the 24 hours I have to reply had passed already. There is no reply back. I tried rematching with the other french girl who let the time run out. I need to pay. There's no point. Why didn't I delete the match?

I keep talking about this stuff. Matches, messages, Tinder and Bumble, dates. It's such bullshit. The only person with whom I was open and told her about my trans condition I left hanging in her dinning room. It is my card under my sleeve. Whenever I see the situation with M going nowhere I could just come out and let her end things herself.

Sometimes I can feel so alone. For a minute, I even forget that I deserve it.

I put the last movie again. I couldn't do a single productive thing the whole day. I cooked dinner, I guess. Although I really considered just having a bowl of cereal and an apple as the food for the day. Tomorrow I'll go to the lab and make a stop at the supermarche. 

I chatted with Antonija today in Instagram. We exchanged some messages of our lives as grad students after I reacted to her story. It was nice. We lived in the same dormroom for, what? Two weeks? Or was it three? No, just two. She probably must have known that I am trans, right? We literally changed in the same room.

Why do I feel the urge to come out now? Maybe I should note it down and mention it in two weeks when I see the counselor. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-24
Words:   762
Minutes: 33

"¿Qué hongo, ya vas de loquilla?"

"Tengo una cita el jueves, otra el viernes y ahorita quedé en 20 minutos de verme con alguien. Bien que juzgaba a la Molis y estoy igual."

Yesterday I was on Zoom with Sonny. She was setting up her new MacBook and I was with her. She looks so pretty with her shorter hair. It's not like that undercut that I secretly hated. But, I don't think I feel that attracted to her. I don't think I feel that attracted to anyone. Not like I did that time. 

I figured out how to delete Flore's contact from Telegram. I did it now, she's gone. Because she was the first one to text me, I didn't add her, so her name was the one she chose. I added her contact later, after she had already stopped replying. That's when I saw her on Whatsapp.

I added her contact again under the name __patata frita__. Maybe I should delete that, too. As I was typing the previous paragraph I thougth about today's date and how I would wish to have a second one with her. "Hey, I guess you deleted Telegram. I don't really know what happened, but if someday you wish to meet up again, give me a call." God, that is so pathetic even now I am cringing. 

"Respétese, mujer" said Armando that time. As I told Monica, I should just imagine that she cut her hair again. What does it say about me that the pictures I really liked from her were from years ago? Maybe I do have an issue with younger women. 

I couldn't get out of bed again. Not before noon. I didn't go to the lab, obviously. Maybe there is no point in going this week that the heat is unbearable. I shouldn't even pretend that I'll go tomorrow. 

I did go out, though. I went to get groceries. I bought a bottle of Jaggermeiste with coffe in it. On the way back I invited Kim to get dinner and beers this Friday. She's 30. M is also 30, my date for Thursday. I don't feel attracted to her, at all. Nonetheless, I felt weird telling Miguel and my Mom that I were seeing some people, when in reality I had just asked Molly out (and left stranded), went on one date with Flore (and got ghosted), and one failed hook-up with Alice. Molly was the first gay woman I met here in person. She was the first person that I've ever asked out. Of course there would be some meaning behind her. I'm actually surprised by how little her rejection and drama really affected me. Although, to be fair, I keep mentioning daily. And the jokes with Armando have gone for way too long. It's becoming creepy.

Flore was my first actual date. But, man, I really liked it, I really liked her. I was surprised by how much I felt attracted to her. When Monica asked me if I was attracted to Ana after tonight, I went back to that memory of our chat in the café, how I was amazed by how pretty she looked while we waited to be seated. Maybe I was too awkward then. How I wanted to be closer to her when we walked by the park. Maybe she just didn't know how to end the date. 

I am sad and disappointed. But, how much can I really know her after just a couple of hours? A month ago I didn't even know of her existence. She's not here to fix me. 

"Where in the city are you located? Wanna go for a beer at the park Jeanne Mance like right now?"

After Alice, I knew that this didn't really mean I would spend the night somewhere else, but I did take my pills in any case. We chatted for a bit. She looks prettier than the pictures. She's not trans.
The conversation didn't flow as easier as I would have wanted, but it didn't feel like Alice's either.

As I told Monica, even though she herself mentioned doing something later, if tomorrow morning I can't find her match in the app anymore, I wouldn't be surprised.

Maybe I should just cancel with M. I see her pictures. I don't even know her name.

Last night —or was it the one before?— I saw a couple of girls that were incredibly pretty. Maybe I will find some other girl. Maybe soon I'll stop thinking about the french girl whenever someone mentions University of Montreal.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-25
Words:   872
Minutes: 24

"Ya empezaste a leer Rayuela? O te tomaste muy en serio lo de leerlo conmigo? Porque si sí, ahorita mismo lo compro." 

I was just telling Sonny about those months beforat we I met her in Ciudad de Mexico. I used to finish a bottle a week. I'm not sure, but I think it was also the time when I started cutting myself.

I am starting to feel a little like that.

Yesterday I met with Ana, the portuguese girl. She hasn't deleted the match, so I guess that is a good sign? Flore never blocked me from anywhere, though. But, that would be a pretty low bar for comparison. I have a date tomorrow with M, another one with Kim on Friday. I sent a message to another girl —I can't remember her name without looking—, I thought she wouldn't reply, but she did one or two hours ago. I sent a message to Eliseo. The one from Queretaro, not Yaaj. I might see him in the weekend to help him settle in the city. I know I could had used someone when I just arrived to the city. 

Alda invited me to go to this party on Friday. It was Jose's house, the creepy guy in his thirties —or is it his forties? I asked her if Molly would be there. "Cuz I'm afraid I would actually die from cringe". She told me that she didn't think so, but she could ask Vix. I said it was fine, I wouldn't want to avoid her anyway. Deep down I felt a little bit disappointed, to be honest. What the fuck is wrong with me? 

After returning last night from Ana's date, I couldn't think of a single reason why the night was off, or why would she not be interested. Yet, I don't think I've ever felt as lonely.

It's not even 8pm and I am drunk already. I could not get out of bed this morning either.

I got a message from Armando, very similar to that one of the dirty toilet, but less embarrasing. I left the stove all dirty with oil from yesterday. I saw it and sent a thumbs up before burying my face back under the pillow. This time I didn't feel the need to apologize or explain myself right away. A couple of minutes later I did anyway. He reminded me that it was because I had told him to tell me whenever he was annoyed with something I did. He was right, I guess.

He asked me if I was OK. He saw my bottle of jaggermeister in the freezer. I didn't answer him.

His girlfriend is supposed to be here, but I haven't seen her. He said she had a busy schedule of visiting some people. 

I asked Monica if she had a date already, and she told me to help her look for flight in October. She's planning to come for a week. I remembered my dreams and Aliza's story, so I told her my bed was queen or she could look up an AirBnB. "Obvis contigo. Me ofendes."

I don't remember most of yesterday's dream except this particular scene. There was this girl taller than me. We got real close together. Was she whispering something in my ear? I didn't know where to put my hands. I placed them on her lower back as soon as I felt her fingers. I guess I was wearing a skirt, given I remember feeling her fingertips digging in my underwear. Did she say something then? I don't think we kissed. I felt her. I couldn't breathe. 

At least this time I wasn't a man.

I just grabbed the phone to check if this girl have replied. I remember she's 25. Is she still too young? I didn't think about looking at her name again. I could always set up something for the weekend and just postpone Eliseo's meeting. I should had looked up somewhere for tomorrow.

I wonder if the best thing would be for me to cancel. I am not interested in this girl at all. To be fair, I doubt she's into me anyway. It'll just be another hour or two out of the house. Another experience or event to tell the counselor.

Another person to make me feel more lonely.

There are ants crawling up my leg. Like last night that we were sitting on the grass and Ana used that excuse to get away. Why wasn't I more forthcoming, wasn't that the plan?

"De seguro te dicen 'Sofi Sobres'"

She already knew I was trans. Alice did as well, and instead of grabbing her hand or her waist. When she returned from her room, I apologized and left.

Am I expecting something from these girls? If I tell them beforehand... If they knew and accepted me, the following rejection would hurt even more.

I am not even sure that the reason Flore disappeared was because I am trans, and yet it broke me.

Is this it? Am I really broken because of this one girl and this one night? 

I've been broken so many times, maybe it's just that in all these years, I've never really put myself back together.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-26
Words:   759
Minutes: 30

"Sofa, just want to reassure you... you're worth all the friendships in the world to me, girl. You da real MVP."

I quoted a message from two days ago telling her that I wouldn't be surprised if Ana would suddenly just delete the match, and with it our conversation. Our date didn't go that well. It wasn't bad, as I told it here, but it was nothing special.

I finished again all my available likes running out of all the people nearby. I had 18 matches after two new girls: a spanish one that I feel no attraction to, whatsoever, and another one who was looking for a roommate for her recent move into  MTL. Then the number was 17.

Monica's message triggered something in my chest and a muted scream came crawling to my throat. I was really close to crying, but in the end nothing happened. I went to the kitchen and drank two shots of Jaggermeister. Last night I was really drunk, I slept most of the night, except I didn't. I was sweaty and cold. I turned off the AC at around 4 am. 

I didn't get up until after 10am, and only because I got a message from Ana, the neurologist in the lab, not the portuguese girl. I wanted to kiss her, I was a little bit attracted to her, was I? I was —pleasantly— surprised she wasn't trans. Maybe she felt the complete opposite way. Maybe they need time to reflect and realize they are not interested in pursuing something with someone like me. After all, I did agree to go out with Alice, and it wasn't until a couple of hours into the night that I decided to leave.

Maybe it has nothing to do with me being trans, and it's just that I am an unattractive and boring person.

Around noon I wondered if I should send M a message. Perhaps she wouldn't follow up and the date would just never happened, something like what happened with Molly. She did send up something not much later. Was I still up for tonight?

I had it right there, the perfect chance to cancel out. I've criticized harshly Molly and Flore for not being direct, there was the moment "No, sorry, I'm not feeling it tonight. Nothing personal." 
 
I confirmed it and proposed a time instead. I'll see her in Le Darling at 7:30pm. She sent me her phone number like I did with both Molly and Flore. Her name is Minas. Probably I'll have something to talk about. Maybe I can be my own depressed self right now and let things run their course. 

I thought about cutting up the alcohol a little bit, but I am drinking again and it's not 5pm yet. 

Maddy. The name of that other girl who hadn't replied is Maddy. I got a response from her yesterday. She ended her reply with a question and I answered back with a paragraph. It went unreplied as well. Probably that will be the end of the interaction.

I reduced the number of matches even more. I deleted all of the old ones. I removed the unreplied messages. From 50 or something, there's around a dozen. I could reduce it even more, but I thought I should left a couple in there just in case. It's not like I expect a response, but just to give them the opportunity to see what I actually wrote.

It's almost the end of the month. 26th. I have the appointment with the counselor the Tuesday after the next one. I don't think I am actually going to make it. At least the jaggermeister bottle won't. It's almost half empty. I invited Alda to grab from it whenever, but I'm pretty sure that was a subconscious way to meddle up the idea that I finished it so quickly. 

I am starting to feel dizzy. I ate. I had a bowl of cereal and a sandwich. I was half-drunk when I went to that date with Ana and it made no difference. I wasn't charming enough. I was uncomfortable, insecure, unattached. I wasn't enough. I felt no need to pursue a second date, and yet I do feel hurt by the clear answer that there won't be one.

Isn't that what I wanted? Would receiving a message from Flore right now, stating something like: "I'm sorry for not replying. I just didn't feel it. Nothing personal." would help me feel better?

I am such a hypocrite.

Maybe I deserve to feel like shit.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-27
Words:   782
Minutes: 64

I'm going to do what I used to do some time ago. Those times when I would just go out late and night and was sure that I would not be able to make it back home in time to finish the words. The streak was too important. I didn't want it to let it die. Just like even with this new girl that doesn't seem that interested I don't want it to let it die. It's like a plant that I'm sure if I care for it enough I can bring back to life.

People are nice. That's my main miscalculation. Even growing up a boy and trying to fulfill that role in society I hadn't realized that women are taught to be nice and polite. They won't reject me in a direct way. Even thought they are pretty sure they're not interested, they'll still carry on the conversation or continue asking questions. That's what society teaches them. That's what it didn't teach me.

This is my third, and last date of the week. If nothing comes up with Maddy, which probably won't, I'll keep off all of this at least until I get a better hang on my mood. Maybe after the session with the counselor. I keep talking about that first session as if it's going to be this magic thing that will make everything better. I'm pretty sure that's going to be like the week before Molly's dates that never happened.

I met Kim today. Was yesterday's words before or after my date with Minas?

Sonny asked me where I was, what I was doing. I didn't tell her outright. It wasn't until after she asked further, that I mentioned the dates. "Three in a month..." "More like three in a week."

I'm getting distracted. I'm now quite drunk watching John Oliver with my roommate. I don't think I'm going to be able to finish the words. I have less than 20 minutes.

I started mentioning more and more to Sonny. She asked if I went to the party, the bachata party that would be at the place of the guy that kissed Molly. So I told her that there's been a lot that i haven't told her.

"A quien me tengo que madrear?" 

Right now I feel the need to tell her that Molly's not the one that hurt me.
And here comes Flore again.

I told Monica a little bit about yesterday's date. Before I went when I was feeling a little bit self conscious about my skirt.

I returned back home to grab a sweater. Not just because I felt the breeze, but because I thought people, or men?, would ogle at me. They didn't really. And I didn't know how to feel about that. Was it because I'm not attractive? If I looked like a man in drag, they would notice. So I guess there's at least that.

My mind is blank now. 10 more minutes. I still need 250 more words. Aldas jist gone to her sisters for more rolling paper for a joint. I'm not high, but I'm drunk. I told Kim that i was drunk already, but i wasn't. not really. i wanted it to be like yesterday with Minas when after we confessed we were drunk stuff just got easier.

I am drunk right now, though. I drank more of my jagger and some of Aldas rum. The bottle is almost empty. She hadn't had anything. she's just tasted it today abd she didn't even liked it. So it's all just me. Maybe i could start the session with that. "A couple of years ago, my friends back then literally thought I was an alcoholic. i drank a bottle of liquor a week. I started cutting myself. I'm starting to feel like that again."

I want to get high.

I told Elíseo to remind me about tomorrow, because I'm really drunk. we're going to go somewhere to eat. I'll be there for him as nobody's for me when I came. I might have said this already.

100 more words. 5 minutes. I was telling Monica about today's and last night's date. I don't know what to expect. Minas touched me a lot. She was flirty and reassuring. Even though she's not my type I was interested. Maybe i should be more like that.

maybe if I were more into it, more touchy, more direct, Kim will not delete the match. Maybe something different would have happened with Flore.

Will I tell Sonny about Flore?

I shouldn't. I can't do that. For fuck's sake, i can't believe I'm actually considering it. I'm such a shitty person. Deal with your own shit.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-28
Words:   769
Minutes: 37

"Thanks for coming out to meet me yesterday! It was nice to meet you. I didn't really feel it click that way though despite it being a nice time. I wish you luck on your search!"

Sixteen hours ago I was sitting in this same place, with Alda to my side. We had just returned from smoking around the dog park. We sat inside the park, on a bench for a while. She talked a bit more about Vix. He had said something about Samantha. She was hesitating about going to the party. I didn't want to go, not really. It would be filled with straight people. I don't even like dancing. I just wanted to do something, stay busy. Distract myself from what is going on inside me. 

Walking home, I didn't have a clear idea that something had gone wrong. I noticed her disengaging, but to be honest, I thought it was from her pain. Her message wasn't a complete surprise either. It was what I wanted, wasn't it? I wanted them to be open and direct. She didn't give me any empty suggestions of meeting again, she didn't ignore my messages nor deleted the conversation. 

It still hurt. It started to cry and my meal didn't taste like anything anymore. Maybe I am the problem.

I was sitting in this same spot when I started passing out. Years ago it happened, I closed my eyes and felt the world outside spinning around me. Months ago, the sensation was similar to life literally being extracted out of my body. I fantasized that it was me being transported to another place in time. A perfect opportunity to go back and do things differently. 

When I was with Alda sitting on the bench, she confessed that she was the one who told Vix about Molly. She told him how she was unsure about inviting me to Molly's party. "Yeah, my roommate asked her out and nothing happened, now I'm worried if things are going to get awkward". She was annoyed that then he would later ask me directly why I had not gone. 

I thought for a moment to tell Armando, or Monica. But what is the point? They don't really care about it. I shouldn't either. 

I posted a 3 second video of me when I was waiting for Kim. 65 people viewed. And even though I just said I shouldn't care anymore, I checked who were those 65 people. I looked into my followers to see if Molly's still there. I think about unfollowing her. I don't know.

I looked for Flore again. This time there was a red circle around her profile picture in Instagram. It was hard not to see it. But I don't want to be in her list. It was just one date weeks ago. One date, a couple of unviewed messages, and a very hurt and pathetic one.

She was the first date and the one I enjoyed the most. Maybe the rest didn't work because my mind was still in Santropol, or on that park bench talking about depression. 

It is getting easier, isn't it? 

I still feel lonely. I still feel like crying until there is nothing left inside of me. 

There's still 200 words to go, but suddenly I have nothing else to say. 

I went to bed around 2 or 3 am. I was passing out on the couch. I was more drunk than high. I woke up around 6 or 8 am. I had a response from Kim, but not the one that I quoted. She was thanking me for wishing she got better. I also got a message from Maddy. What is going on with that girl? She replies to my message hours after, but in there it seems like a sincere wish to keep the conversation going. I thought about joking that it seems like we're writing each other letters. 

I just replied back. I dreamt that she had matched with Alda, and was telling me that before going out with me, she'd want to see what happens with my roommate. It probably came after Molly, Vix, and Alda's thing. 

I just talked a little bit with Monica and said how even though I am OK-ish, it is hard not to take it personal. I feel way more alone than a couple weeks ago. It all started with that stupid party where I liked this girl and wondered about asking her out. The date never happened, and instead I've chat with a dozen, gone out on a handful of first dates but never a second. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-29
Words:   808
Minutes: 17

I woke up with a heavy sense of dread.  Last night I didn't really think that today would be this hard.

I don't remember my dreams, their content or if I had any. I woke up early in the morning but after the sun had risen. I used the other pillow to cover my head. I looked at the phone to see if there was anything new at it. But, why should ther be? The dates are over, there are no girls left. No possible second ones. They all rejected me. Was it yesterday when I set up the other app? I had told Monica that I'd be going on a break for it. I did snoozed Bumble and I did put my Tinder profile off from being shown. I set up the other app, Hinge, I think it was the app that was mentioned when that gay had brought up two girls to the party. He had met them on there. Were there really on a threesome? Do I want one? I usually reject those girls who're looking for a third girl. I mean, even I wanted to, they're looking for a unicorn, but that doesn't exactly mean a girl with a "horn".

I hate myself a bit more than yesterday. 

I chatted a bit with Monica. I told her how I didn't want to get out of bed. I stayed there until noon. "Don't", she reapplied reassurring me.

When I finally did, I changed my shirt for a hoodie and grabbed the tote bag to go to the depanneur. I told her I would be buying "cheetos, cookies, ice cream or something gross". Deep down, I already knew I was going to be buying alcohol.

This time the cashier did ask me for an id. I didn't take my passport with me, so I asked if a foreign license was good. He accepted it. I'm not even sure he actually looked at it. I bought 5 cans of cider, 2 of beer and a bag of chips. That was probably it.

I've drunk half of that stash, eaten the whole bag and ordered a pizza and fries. 

Minas had told me I needed to find new ways of self-care. I don't really think this was what she meant, but  it's something, I guess.

Will I remember in the future the names of these girls? This August 2021, my month of dating.
Do I remember the girls I've liked?

Does it matter? Monica had a point. When I was still in bed, no, even from last night, she scolded me for my use of emojis. When I read the message I was annoyed and ignored it. This morning she mentioned it again and I just rolled my eyes. I deleted a bunch of pictures and I saw the conversation I had with Kim. She was right. It looked so pathetic. What was I even doing? That is not me. I didn't do that with Sonny, nor Catherine nor Monica. Maybe they all realized that I wasn't being authentic? Nah. They just didn't like me. It's absurd to still try to find meaning behind it.

"Acéptalo, tío. No le gustas. Eres feo."

Most times, the simplest answer is the correct one.

Last night I told Monica how I had looked up Flore in Instagram and I saw a red circle around her profile picture. It took every bit of will force not to look at it. 

"She did get to you, didn't she?"

She later, again, scolded me for looking her up in Facebook. Again, she does have a point. I ruined things. I mean, even though, as I said, by that point she had already deleted Telegram, that move was completely moronic. What was I expecting? Her accepting me and suddenly sending me a message like: 

"Hey! Sorry, I had lost my phone in the chalet and lost all means of contacting you. Fortunately you looked me up and now we can continue seeing each other!" 

I do need a break. Not for my own health, but just to grow the fuck up. 

I thought about telling her to don't let me go on another date until the end of the month. But what would that really do? I would just hide it from her. 

I'm drunk now. I wanted to finish the words just so I could get down to bed and forget about this week. This month. Two more days of August and I can let all of this behind. No more dating, no more foreign girls or Flore or Molly. Just close this chapter, this desperate stage of my life and move on with my life. 

I didn't even make that promise to Monica and I was already ready to break it up. What makes me think that I'll keep this one to myself?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-30
Words:   764
Minutes: 22

Helena. Her name was Helena Hanso. Was that her last name? I didn't look it up. I could, I don't think I have her contact anywhere, but finding her shouldn't be that hard. I have Johanna, they knew each other, didn't they? Both of them were in Psychology. 

A couple of days ago I told Monica how I had a crush on Antonija, but yeah, that never really counted, did it? Now, in hindisight, sure, I wanted to be around her and I sincerely liked her, but it never got to anything more than that. From my end, of course. There's not even a point to question if she ever felt anyhing. First of all, she was straight, and second, I am me. 

This isn't about her, though. This is all started because I remembered opening the translate app for some reason and I saw Estonian as one of the languages. As I am writing this, it was probably due to the Tenet movie that I saw a couple of weeks ago. Nonetheless, that small circumstance made me think about that day in —where was this? Portugal? Where in the morning I wrote in a note on my phone how I had the picture of this pretty blonde girl, the same blonde girl that was sitting on the bus on our way there. And close to midnight I was whispering something to her ear after we had kissed on the dance floor. 

She had stopped me after that. In broken spanish, outside of the party, she told me how I was a really nice guy, but she just wanted to dance. At that moment —well, more correctly, the next morning that I had gotten my consciousness back— I took her words meaning that the kiss was a mistake and she didn't want anything else but friendship. 

Was this before or after our afternoon in Braga? We roamed the streets of this peculiar portuguese town and she asked someone to take a picture of us. It must have been after. The night I kissed her was the same day I had met her. Weeks later I would invite her for a day in Salamanca to explore the cathedral. There must be a second picture of us at the top that was sent to my email. Did we also met in that house? With the windows? Casa Lis. 

On our way home, I hesitated about asking her if I could sit with her. I gained the courage, and did it. She didn't say no, but warned me that she'd wear her earphones. I said there was no problem, and took the seat. Was that foolish? I guess I've always been an idiot with these sort of things.

I played with a napkin while she looked out of the window and felt asleep. I made a flower out of it, somehow. When we arrived to Salamanca, I gave it to her. That could have been either sweet, or completely stupid. I wish I could send her a message now and just ask her. It's been 7 years since then. Last time I looked her up, she was pregnant. I don't remember if I had her as a facebook friend before my coming out. I sure as hell don't have her now. 

I was obsessed with her for a while. I remember months later as I listened to this song, I would think about that night where I looked at her while we danced and her face would change. Her eyes would look so familiar, even though I hadn't met her before. I got closer and closer, and we would pull away while holding hands. We would lower down to the floor in laughter and just come back up and close to each other. We kissed maybe once or twice. 

It was another day, maybe even a different trip? No, we were on this beach of Portugal, and she would get her feet in the ocean and write on her little notebook. I remember now how I used to wonder if I were in that notebook of hers. 

Would she think of me, now, years later? Does she know, or even imagine, that I look nothing like that guy with messy curls and sad eyes? 

After months I stopped thinking about her. I moved back home to continue my drama with Catherine, Monica, and Sofia. Maybe it will be like that. A couple of months from now, I'll look back to this month and laugh about my obsessiveness, drunk messages that should had been deleted and overly-affective emojis. 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-08-31
Words:   763
Minutes: 21

After months of worries, I think everything is finally settled. Is there anything else to worry about? I have a Dr who supervises my HRT. I have an apartment, with a signed lease until next year. All of the official documents have been received and cleared. Both vaccines have been registered in the vaccine passport app. 

Why do I feel most anxious and depressed than ever?

I, again, like most of the previous days, found almost impossible to get out of bed. I closed the drapes and returned to lie down around noon. I didn't even bothered to pretend that there was any possibility that I'd be going to the lab. Ironically, today I did more than this whole previous month.

Tomorrow there will be a meeting with Louis on teams where he will train us in how to do QC on structural images. I find it extremely hard. I built this app just for that, but I have never really done QC before. My whole master's project is built upon poor quality data. All of the results that I defended in my thesis are worthless.

Diego just now defended his master's. Did he finish on time unlike me? I must have, because he's enrolled in the PhD. It doesn't matter. Eliseo mentioned he thought I had a background in engineering or maths given I'm known for how well I code and shit.

I, even now, don't really know how to feel about that. 

If I could go back in time, what would I do different? I'm sure I would not had enrolled in electronics in high school. Thinking about choosing something different to communications science makes me uneasy. On one hand, that'd mean that I would have never developed a relationship with Monica. On the other, maybe without knowing her, I wouldn't have had something to distract me from the dysphoria. Perhaps, if I went into Informatics instead, I would had tried to enroll in a computer sciences program. Surrounded by men would surely made my egg break sooner.

Who knows, maybe I would have transitioned sooner, too.

I asked Monica, again, if she had thought about the dates. My intention was to have more information for my decision about whether or not ask Louis for a time-off. I'm not being functional, at all. This week I, almost on my own, finished the Jaggermeister bottle in less than a week. I've been getting drunk almost daily. A couple of days ago, as I was putting the cutlery and plates on their place, I stood in the middle of the kitchen, with the chef's knife over my leg, over those scars. 

I hate myself. I feel disgusting and worthless.

I imagine conversations that will never happen. Just talking. I've talked with Monica this past month more than ever. Even with Sonny, after I said we would stop talking in the beginning of this month, I've done nothing but over-share. It's so unfair. I am such a hypocrite.

I said, to myself and Monica and Armando, that I would stop with the apps. I assured, once and again, that I needed a break. The last match that I had in Tinder replied to me every other day. She has a boyfriend, for fuck's sakes. What do I expect from that? Monica told me to not mess with Paty after I told her she had a girlfriend. And here I was, talking to this stranger. 

I should stop talking about that. 

I need to. It's not doing anything good for me or my mental health.
I am sick. I am not well right now. I need help. I'll get it soon. I ought to at least ask Louis about the time off.

I have the clear to start using the Niagara server from ComputeCanada. I have the deskulled images ready and even a random subset for the templates. I have some simple tasks to complete for Qrater and the Documentation that I've been postponing over and over. 

I have no reason, nor excuse, to not get up tomorrow and start working. I received that dreadful note that a package could not be delivered. It's the coffee order. I can pick it up tomorrow after 1pm. The meeting with Louis and the team will be at 3pm. I can make a stop in a depanneur and replenish my beers. Maybe a bottle of wine, instead. The one not close to home, I've been there too much. I don't want them to recognize me. Last time they asked for an ID.

Do I have a problem? 

Again?

