------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 1st, 2024
Date: 2024-03-01
Num Words: 771
Num Minutes: 56

 'lol top secret' with +1 followers. I mean, I get it, she's the second cutests thing on the island. 

There is a different kind of sadness around me. I think people could notice.

I wanted to throw up all morning. I tried a couple of times after finishing the words in the very early morning. I stayed in bed, resting, until the sun came out. I think I oculd fall asleep again at 7h or 8h. I changed the alarm to 10h and enjoyed my well-deserved rest.

I texted Sophie even though I told Aliza that I wouldn't do it. I waited until there were no disabled notification notice, for some reason. I didn't want to send it at a weird hour of the morning. I waited until around 6h45. I tried not to open the conversation again as I knew I would get overfixated on when she would read it and what would that mean. She read it at 8h. I deleted the conversation definitely again.

I can't remember if I showered or had my coffee first. I had enough time to drink it calmly. I decided against finishing the last 40 minutes of the movie. I think I just sat on the couch hearing music.

I put on my headphones and left the apartment. I was the first person to arrive at the korean restaurant. I thought it would be the same old place downstairs, but this time it was on the main floor. I asked the waitress if they had a reservation for a large group of people and she let me know that the table was ready. I sat on the very corner.

Vlad was the second one to arrive. He sat in front of me. Daniel and Reza came up next. Then Victoria and Daniel D. Finally the rest of the lab.

There is something about Daniel that shuts me off. It's not him, he directly asked me how I was doing and what is happening in my life. I answered succintly and chose to remain silent for the rest of lunch. I wanted to close my eyes and sleep right there.

I ordered a plate of takoyaki and a bowl of pork ramen. I was still hungover and wasn't that hungry. If Louis were not to pay for my food, I would have been satisfied with just the appetizer.

After eating, we took our way back. I could have left like Vlad and Daniel did. The metro was right there. I walked back to the MNI. I don't think I said a single word the whole way. We entered through the hospital's main entrance.

I worked in the office for around two hours. I set up and left running three years that have already run. I wished Neda a nice weekend, took my stuff and left.

When I was leaving the MNI, I saw Daniel and Vicky walking. They took the exit at des Pins. I walked through the stadium and got out at Parc. Was I intentionally avoiding them?

I walked all the way to station Sherbrooke. I had thought about passing by la fruiterie and getting some pita, hummus and a tomato. I walked directly to my apartment. I considered not eating anymore for the rest of the day. Right now I keep looking at the time. Maybe I can have a bagel.

I keep looking at the time for a different reason. Last night she texted at 21h45. Will she wait another day before texting back? Will she reply at all?

Life is the stuff that happens while I wait for a stupid text.

The first thing that I did when I got home was putting the rest of Before Midnight. With this one I didn't cry. I think the second one, Before Sunset, was my favourite of the three. Maybe because the characters are my age. Maybe it's because it's about reencounters and memories.

I started craving the burger from Thomson House.

In the afernoon I put on La la land. That one made me cry. I think it was Mia's speech about not being enough. Maybe it was her audition for the movie.

Last night before the notification in my watch I was starting to be comfortable with the idea of letting go. Before I replied, I kept thinking about what I could say next. Possible suggestions of things to do: the brunch that never started, dinner at Lola Rosa after work, Trauma bonding the drinking game at a wine bar with a bottle of red winter wine, watching one of our favourite lesbian movies in one of our apartments. 



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March  2, 2024
Date: 2024-03-02
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28491586



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 3rd, 2024
Date: 2024-03-03
Num Words: 1694
Num Minutes: 43

 But now you gotta do somethin' special for me. I'm gonna say what's on my mind, then I'll walk out, then I'll feel fine. 

Yeah, I'm under his thumb, I'm on his back. I will not show my teeth too quick. 

The plan yesterday was to go out with Aliza for la nuit blanche here in the city. We had talked about doing something this weekend—the original plan was going to a café and working for a bit, maybe chatting. Friday was when she mentioned the cultural night in the city when even the transportation runs all night. There were going to be festivals and djs and all sorts of stuff.

In my three years in the city, I don't think I've ever been. Last year she, accidentally, was out during that night with Vlad. Two years ago, I think I saw a story from Kate being out with her probably mexican friend. It might had been during this event.

I've been waking up too early. Yesterday was no exception. At 7h I texted Aliza letting her know that I, again, had been awake since 4h and to confirm she had asked for us to not go out very early. Our final idea after talking about la nuit blanche was to both go to a café during the day and then move to look up for something interesting to do.

I think I did get up around that time to start the morning watching something and drinking my coffee. By 10h that she had replied, I had already gotten back under the covers. I probably slept for another hour or two.

We had agreed to meet at 15h at Lili & Oli on Rue Wellington. Either yesterday or the day before I started getting the antipsychotic's anguish feeling from the morning, so much that it made me wonder if I had accidentally mistaken the medications. I didn't feel comfortable and felt this urge to be moving, do something. I grabbed my stuff and left my apartment. I took my camera, my laptop and my kindle. At first I walked through Rue Mistral with my camera strapped to my wrist. Halfway, I placed it inside my backpack. I concentrated on listening to music; being outside my house and being outside my head.

I got to station Jarry. I saw two or three shots that I could had taken. I am sure I would have loved them. I sat on one of the bench and saw the train arrive. People stood up and waited for the the ones inside to exit through the doors. I saw the light on the edges of the opening change from green to red. The doors closed and the train left. I did not move. The second train arrived and I was tempted to stay moveless again, but this time I took it.

I got the Verdun not as early as I thought I would be arriving. I climbed up the stairs at de l'Eglise. I was exhausted by the time I got off the station. I walked calmly in the direction of the café. It was rainning but for some reason I did not get wet.

When I got to the café, there was a line to order. The place seemed full and I started getting social anxiety about what to do. I considered texting Aliza about the situation and proposing moving to another place. I didn't.

When there was only another person in front of me, the cashier asked how he could help me while she was paying with her credit card. It was also a CIBC credit card. They payment was not processed correctly the first time she tried to tap.

"Je vais prendre un grand latté, stp, avec du lait d'amandes."

"Pour ici ou pour emporter ?"

"Pour ici."

He communicated my order to the other barista and I waited in place for him to send the charge to the terminal. I looked around for any possible place where we could sit. There didn't seem to be any.

When my coffee was ready, I grabbed my cup and took it with me to an empty spot in a bar. I saw there were two possible seats on the communal table, one in front of each other, in the very middle of four separate people on their laptops.

I put my stuff over there. The lady on the 2-person table behind where I would sit got up and starting putting her things on her backpack. I went to leave my coat on the hangers in the back. I waited subtly for her to go. She finished with her backpack and went to her coat. She stopped to look at the papers in the bulletin board by the restrooms.

She finally left and I finally sat. I was on the very corner of the café. I could look at almost everyone inside.

In the morning, I went through my contacts and deleted most of them. All of the stranded phone numbers from the failed dates. All those unfruitful connections and gentle rejections. All of the silent bridges. I saw some names that I could no longer associate to a face. Among them there went Sophie.

Nine. Seven. Four. That's all I needed to remember to get back to her, to keep the obsession alive. Three digits and a pattern was the only key necessary. I resuscitated her two times before deleting her again and letting her stay out of reach.

Whenever I would open the messaging app and type in her number manually on the recipient field, my phone would automatically name the forgotten number as if to mock me.

Aliza got in and she sat in front of me. We worked and we talked. I continued with the PreventAD data and she got busy with the slides for her presentation next week.

I mentioned to Aliza that I had realized that my text was wrong—I mistook Suivis with Followers. I shared with her how I had the burning itch to let her know I had come to realize my mistake. She pointed out the obvious in how we both knew that this stupid thing was not the reason why I wanted to talk to her, but only my justification for it.

I got sick of supervising my scripts. I took out my Kindle and continued reading the book I've just started. It's about this college freshman how starts falling for her TA.

Once during the night, I turned and looked at the toddlers that were playing on the coffee table in the middle of the café. The first one was blonde, not older than 3. She wore pink and was wearing the smallest beanie I've ever seen. The other one was around the same age, but with dark brown hair tied in a messy ponytail.

I looked at them and it hurt. I thought about children and motherhood. I felt the hole in my future that would never be filled.

I don't think Aliza saw me. If she did, she said nothing about it.

We dismissed our original plans of going out and decided to go to her home and watch a movie. First we put on New girl while we chatted. We continued talking about therapy, our time in college; Ali and her ex, my immature crush. We decided to look for a movie and maybe order some food. We were between getting a burger from Notre boeuf de grace or something from Station Berlin. I got myself a Dönner and she ordered wings. We settled on watching Bottoms.

In the middle of the movie I got a notification from Whatsapp, it was a message from my dad. He was asking me how I was doing. I read it and starting getting nervous. Usually it's my mum who reaches out. What if something had happened? In my head I started imagining the scene of Nymeria getting sick or suddenly dying. My mum would not be able to tell me and she would ask my dad to give me the bad news. Then it was just not my dog. What if something happened to my mum or one of my siblings? Was that how he would reach out? How else would he do it? In the end, he wanted to ask me about the recent visa changes for mexicans and if that would affect me. We talked for a bit and the fact that I have to go to Mexico soon to get my wisdom teeth out got brought up.

Aliza finally kicked me out—in the most suble and gentle way possible—30 minutes after midnight. I took the 108 bus and the metro home. There were people wandering around still. I wondered if Sophie would have been among the people out enjoying the special night.

This morning, on the couch, I typed again the memorized phone number on the app but this time it remained unchanged. I felt a sudden prick of panic and wondered if I had already forgotten it. Nine. Seven. Four.

You're back in Montréal, right? Did you go out last night for la nuit blanche? 

... 

Hey, I really want to see you. Can I take you out to grab dinner or a drink someday this week? 

... 

You know, I used to miss having a crush. I'm not really enjoying it right now, to be honest.    "Hey Sofia! I'm back in Montreal if you want to do something, maybe grab a meal?" 

... 

"Hey Sofia! Sorry for not texting back. I had a great time meeting you, but after some thought I think we're looking for different things. I'm sorry. I wish you the best." 

... 

"You're back in Montréal, right? Can I take you out to grab dinner or a drink someday this week?" 

"Hey Sofia! Sorry for not replying. I'm really sorry, but I don't think I want to continue seeing you. You're an amazing person, but I just don't feel a romantic connection." 

...

"Hi! I would love to, unfortunately I'm pretty busy with work this week." 

... 

"Hey! Sure I would love to see you. When are you free?" 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, March 4th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-04
Num Words: 852
Num Minutes: 40

 I need you now. Can't you just love me or leave me? I figured it out. Like to be trapped in the feeling. I feel it now. Pain. 'Cause I can't help turning my love into pain. 

-Pain, King Princess. 

Yesterday, I managed to contain myself and at the same time I didn't. 

Like the day before, I had this strange impulse of not being able to stay in the house. I stood up from the couch and went to my room to put on some clothes. I wore the same outfit as the day before. I grabbed my kindle, my headphones, my phone, keys and wallet. I left intoxicated with the thoughts of what could be.

"Salí a caminar, necesito pensar y/o sentir lo que siento." I sent to Aliza.

My first intentions were to just wander around. By the corner of the fire station in St-Hubert, I was already thinking of the different possible things I could send to Sophie to break the silence and her potential responses. I turned left towards Parc Villeray. 

I imagined myself waking up early in the morning, putting on some sports clothes, and coming to jog there. There were some people doing just that. I walked inside the park. I thought about the urge of inviting Sophie to see her again this week, as a decisive way of ending this obsession.

I continued towards east, passing through le toasteur where she never showed up, and café nocturne, where I ended up going that same morning. I continued walking while I was thinking of how she would reject, evade, or accept my latest advances.

I ended up going to Café velours. I went inside and ordered myself a chaï maison. I sat first in the communal table, before moving to a couch.

I took my kindle out, but almost read nothing from it. I looked towards the tables in front of me. In one of them I sat and had one of the dates in French from last year. She was a québécoise girl who sells tea at marché Jean-Talon and takes film pictures. She vacously invited me to see each other again, albeit platonically. I don't remember if, like many other girls, I actually followed up with it just to never get a response. I forgot her name and I don't have her number anymore. 

I saw a familiar face. She looked directly at me and, unconsciously, I smiled an instant before recognizing her. We had met at Dieu du ciel!, I waited for her on the terrace. We had each a beer while we chatted. She used to do cartoons for The New Yorker, and had a column where she talked about disability and accessibility. Talking about her with Alda, I nicknamed her Sparky, like the cartoonist who created Peanuts. When I told Aliza, I apologized explaining that I didn't remember her name. Her name is Gabrielle.

I was not sure it was her. I doubted even more when the group of girls who came in with her sat on the couches to my left and started speaking in French. I didn't want to turn and risk making her uncomfortable. 

"Is it weird that I am already thinking about where I can take you out next time." I had written that last time.

"You're a great person, but I think we're looking for different things." Was her response a couple of days later.

Not much later, I drank the rest of my glass of tea and took my stuff. On my way out, I saw her seating in a different table all by herself. I caught a last glance before leaving.

I walked to Parc Jarry and stayed there walking around for maybe an hour, getting my body and my mind tired.

It was too late to make the stop at la fruiterie. Instead, I walked all the way to where I started my journey and continued to IGA. I bought some food and returned, finally, home.

"I feel sad, and frustrated, and defeated.

"Defeated 'cuz I know I'm gonna do it, frustrated 'cuz I know I can't stop it, and sad 'cuz I'm already feeling bad about it."  This morning I decided not to go to the lab. There was an e-mail from Louis, saying he'd work from home today and that all progress meetings this week would be cancelled. 

I had resigned myself with the idea that I would send out the invitation to Sophie today. Either I would get a meeting with her, or I would get a clear rejection. It was the best way to put an end to this. 

All day, while the PreventAD are running in the background, I've been working on the journal, editing the days since my very first meeting with Kate and the start of that obsession. 

It's 21h28, just a couple of minutes I think, before Sophie turns off her notifications again for the day, and I've managed to avoid sending the text that one half of me is desperate to do while the other is dreading it. At least for another day.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 5th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-05
Num Words: 756
Num Minutes: 38

"Hey, I'd like to see you..."

I've been postponing writing these words. The pills started wearing me down an hour ago when I finished the movie. I lost time of the times that I considered just skipping them and going to bed. 

I went to the lab today. Louis asked us to. Some potential new student would pass by to talk with us. About the lab, the program, our research, and Louis.

I know I dreamed something, but I don't remember a single thing about it. I postponed the alarm but didn't sleep much more.

I was still in bed when I grabbed my phone and I started typing the message on an empty conversation. I knew what I wanted to say. I was pretty sure that I wanted to do it. I saw the time. At around 8h20 I sent it out and pushed my phone away from me. 

I stood up and started getting ready for the day. I didn't want to check if she had seen it. I didn't want to read as soon as I would get it. I showered and changed. When I returned from the restroom, a response was already waiting for me. The first thing I saw was the blue heart after her greeting. 

"Hey! that would be lovely. I think I've got a drink in my budget for sure haha. When are you free?" 

I told her not to worry about the money, I was inviting her. Instead of risking her being busy, I proposed to her that she could pick the time and I'd pick the place. 

I brewed my coffee and grabbed my stuff. I walked to the metro. There is construction right outside station Jarry. I rode it just to Sherbrooke. I walked the rest of the way. I had forgotten that since today, the 144 bus would not pass through des Pins anymore, in any case. 

Even after the long walk, I was the first person to arrive at the office. Neda was the second. 

I stood up to my bedroom looking for the business card that the researcher from across the office had given me. I can't remember his name. He came and talked to us. Neda asked him about the sell of his camera. He's selling a Leica body, ~8k USD. I responded in some way that made him ask me if I knew about photography. 

"Oh, yeah. She's a photographer!" Neda pleaded for me. 

Vlad came by not much after. Daniel was the last one. 

At around 14h, Louis came with—what was name again? We talked about all the things we were supposed to talk about. 

When he left we continued talking among ourselves. Daniel asked us if we planned on working this week. I lied and told him I was—not as much as usual, but still a little. He confessed he was not going to. 

I considered going to the lab tomorrow again. I could make a stop at the photography club. Give it a one last try before giving up on it for good. I don't think I will. 

My head still feels weird. I just want to get these words out of the way. 

I texted Aliza asking her if we could do something Thursday after her class, completely forgetting that there are no classes this week. She told me she had an event for jewish grad students that day in any case. After I asked her, she told me she would be going to the lab all days of this week. 

I came back home early. I walked the same way on my way back. No, that's not true. Instead of going through the way I entered besides the parking next to McGill's Gym, I walked out from the corridors of the stadium out to Av Parc. 

I could not wait until after class and I had some of my tuna salad from yesterday. I put on Before sunrise. I wanted to watch it again before cancelling my free trial of the Starz channel. I should do that right after these words.

In French class, we did the practice exam for oral comprehension. It was the exact same videos we did last year at EMULCQ. That exercise did not warranted the 3 hours of class. The first half an hour was spent talking about possible things to do on our last day. They mentioned going to a place to play bowling. It's pretty far away in La Salle. 

When the class ended, I put on Before sunset. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, March 6th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-06
Num Words: 759
Num Minutes: 61

 I fall in love so easily because half of the relationship is in my head. 

-Jules; Euphoria 

Yesterday that I walked to take the metro on my way to the lab, passing through Mistral, that quote of Euphoria passed through my head. She is sitting on the couch in front of her therapist in the middle of a therapy session. I could not remember from where I had gotten it. During the night, when I sat to write in my journal, I looked for it online but couldn't find it.

In the middle of French class, as I was editing the months of 2022—the times after Kate's obsession and the months drowning my mental issues with alcohol and fruitless dates—I read it as one of the epilogues on a day of Frebruary.

The connections between that phase two years ago and now keep appearing.

I stayed in bed this morning. I had considered, like I told Aliza, going to the lab today and passing through MUPSS. I turned off the alarm without thinking. I stayed in bed for a couple of hours before coming out and starting the day. I did do some work. I finished now with the remaining years from the ipl29 disk, and prepared all the code needed for starting with 2020-2023 that reside on ipl28.

Waiting for the scriptsto run, like I've been doing these days, I continue working on the journal. I finished with the year 2022.

I am not sure how I feel. It is hard, as I've written before, to be back to that state of mind.

Writing these now, the idea crossed my mind if I've always felt this depressed. Broken.

I am meeting Dr Frank tomorrow morning. I feel nervous about bringing up my dissatisfaction with the medication. I want to lie and say that everything is well and just keep flirting with the temptation of dropping the meds altogether. Should I talk about my concerns of having been misdiagnosed? Reading through those days where I supposedly was going through a manic episode, I can see also the familiar signs of depression.

He doesn't know about my history of self-harm. Still, other than my excruciating fear of abandonment, I don't have any of the other characteristic signs of BPD.

In the morning I told to Alda about my date this week. She was supposed to come back on Friday, too, but I think she said she was returning earlier.

We talked a bit about dating. She misses it.

"I feel kinda lonely. I want someone to talk to and spend time in bed with. Lol, is that why people date?" She sent me.

She still feels hesitant. We talked about starting back again together in the summer. I have deleted the apps since the beginning of the year. I planned not to picking them up again until I feel better with my own body. I had set the goal of being 72kg, but probably will do it in the summer even if I don't reach that weight.

"Oye, ¿con quién es tu cita?"

That was the text from Sonny that awaited for me when I finally woke up.

I had been avoiding thinking too much about Sophie and our meeting the day after tomorrow.

Last night I sent her the last text after finshing French class, 12 hours after I had said to her I would reach back. 

"We already had beers, let's change it a bit—I remember you saying you were a scotch girl. Let's go to N sur Mackay."

After answering Sonny's question, I shared with her how I felt a bit disappointed when she accepted my invitation. Part of me wanted to put an end to this crush with her rejection. Now that we have another date, I keep fearing eventual disapointment that I'll face when I somehow let her down. 

I reviewed in my head the possible scenarios that can happen this Friday. The potential questions that I could throw at her whenever the conversation turns dry. The stuff that I want to know, to hear from her. 

I don't understand. I feel nervous about having to tell her that I am trans. I fear saying it out load after arriving to the bar and having to see the reaction of her face, hearing her gentle rejection followed by an over-explanation. 

"Pues es la tercera vez que se verán."

She could have rejected me. She could have disappeared. 

But she didn't reach out. It was me who looked for her, who reached out and pulled her. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 7th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-07
Num Words: 756
Num Minutes: 38

 Three notebooks, three different gifts. The one she didn't buy, the one I bought but didn't give, and the one she bought and gave. They can't be the same. 

"It's been a long time no see", told me Dr Franck in our meeting this morning. He mentioned we hadn't met for a whole year.

I told him about the issues with the medication. The increased side effects and my annoyance with having to eat food just before bed. I forgot to mention how I have gained weight. I made no mention either to my obsessive traits.

He renewed my prescription, but with a change in the dosage. Instead of taking a 40mg pill at night before bed, I'll take a 20 mg one in the morning and a second 20 mg in the afternoon. He also prescribed me a sleeping pill so I can stop waking up at 3h or 4h, as it has been happening more and more lately.

The meeting was short but not as short as others. We scheduled a follow-up for April, to see how things will have gone.

I kept working on the PreventAD data and on my journals.

Writing about those days almost ten years ago is hard. I passed the first day I took the antidepressants. It is weird reading my deadname. I have been deleting it in a couple of days.

Alda is back in Montréal. I asked her if she was interested in starting reading the journal. Before she could answer I sent her a snippet of a single day back in August of 2015. In it, I talk about Monica calling me around Christmas to describe a journal she didn't buy. Next year, I found that notebook and bought it for her. I gave it to her after she returned from France and before we stopped talking. That day of August I found she had given an exact same notebook—possibly the same one—to a friend of hers.

I sent it to Sonny as well. I don't think either of them has read it.

I should be comfortable with the idea that nobody cares about reading my pages.

Sonny just texted me.

"Ya llegué a casa. Te manda saludos Luis; dice que ya te cases conmigo. Le estaba diciendo a sus amigos que eres súper guapa."

I met Luis, Sonny's friend, in Mexico City when we were dating. I remember the three of us going to the terrace of a bar in Zona Rosa.

When I read Sonny's message, I thought she was the one who talked about me to his friends. That's not what the text says. Why is it so hard to imagine him sincerely finding me attractive?

I think about all these girls who have rejected me. I think about my fear that after tomorrow, I will get the same familiar text from Sophie.

No, my rejection anxiety has moved on from her saying that she doesn't feel a romantic connection with me, to her reacting badly to me disclosing I'm trans. I should know better by now, that disclosing it early enough is better for me. I feel much more at ease when they seem to not care about it.

In the many scenarios that I play in my head, I see her getting nervous and our date being clouded by an awkward ambience before she decides to leave early. I imagine her assertively telling me how, because of the history with her ex, she doesn't think she can be with someone like us. I think about the date going totally normal just for her to never appear again in my life.

This is stupid. I should not preoccupy myself with stuff that hasn't happen. If she rejects me because of being trans, then she would have done so since the very beginning. I seem to get more hurt by the lose of what could happen than of what actually did.

I haven't texted her since her confirming the plans two days ago. I thought about deleting the conversation, leaving it blank and ready to be filled again. I didn't, I can't let go of it just yet.

I was missing your little hearts. 

Tomorrow I have to text her to confirm the time. In my head, I imagine myself waiting for her at a table inside the bar. Her office is on my way downtown from the MNI. I considered proposing her to meet her there and walk together. It might be too much. I will probably go with my original plan.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 8th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-08
Num Words: 1504
Num Minutes: 46

 Before you put your mask on: Can I kiss you? 

I started texting Sonny when I transferred to the orange line. I was getting off at Jarry when I sent her:

"No se ponerlo en palabras. 

"I know I'm gonna get really hurt.

"But not yet."

Last night I took the 20 mg pill of Lurasidone and the 5 mg of Dayvigo—the sleeping pill. I feel a different kind of fatigue. It was not the usual drive to get to bed as soon as possible as with the antipsychotics. I was tired, but also not like the usual tiredness I am familiar with. It was not uncomfortable, just new.

I might have stayed 15 or 20 minutes on my phone before turning and letting myself fall asleep.

Just like other days, I woke up at 4h.

This time I didn't get back to sleep in the early morning. At around 6h30, I stood up and started my day. I showered and got dressed. I had picked the outfit the day before. I even wore make-up.

When I put the foundation on the brush, pushing the top spat out some of the last drops of the bottle into the wall and the sleeve of my white shirt. I managed to grab some of the remainings of what was left into the brush and then brushed it on my face.

I put eyeliner and mascara.

I went to the lab and was, obviously, the first person there. I even walked from Sherbrooke to the MNI through the stadium. I might have gotten to the office before 8h, but I am not totally sure.

The morning was slow and uneventful. I had my croissant with my coffee; I even took the morning lurasidone pill despite my anxiety of ruining the whole day. Neda arrived not much later. István—I found his card in my drawer—passed to say hi.

Around lunch I texted Sophie to ask her for the time she would get off work. She replied fairly quickly despite the familiar notice that her notifications had been disabled. She finishes at 17h, but she'd have to go back home to feed her cats. We settled on meeting at 19h.

My scripts were running and I got tired of reading on the screen, so I decided to leave them working and come back home.

I walked again the whole way to the metro. Before arriving to my building, I made a stop at the dépanneur next to it and bought a small bag of chips. I had them with the rest of hummus while watching the first half of a movie I did not finish. Amy Adams was in it, playing an agoraphobic child psychologist. Even now that I am writing these words, I prefer to leave the television shut off than to continue watching it.

I went to bed but did not sleep. Around 18h, Sophie texted again apologizing and asking if we could meet 30 minutes later, as she had to do some improptu over-time. I sincerely didn't mind.

I left with enough time to arrive early on porpuse. I wanted to calmly sit down and wait by myself to calm my nerves. I got there 5 minutes before our agreed time.

I walked inside and found the bar fuller than what I would have expected. I went to the back room, where I had met the NB post-doc who worked at McGill. There was an empty table in the corner that was perfect. I went to sit down and one of the waitress approached me to ask if I had a reservation. I answered her and redundantly asked her if the table was reserved.

She asked me if I was expecting somebody and moved me to a table at the front. It was right next to the table where I sat in front of the couple with whom I would have my first dose of shrooms and who would reject me after all three of us slept on the same bed.

Sophie texted me that she was on her way. The waitress asked me if I wanted a moment. I assumed she was giving me the opportunity of waiting for my companion. I ordered a Kentucky Mule. It was a good thing that I did, both for my anxiety and because I waited another 30 minutes before Sophie's arrival.

She took off her layers and sat down in front of me. Her glasses make her eyes look bigger. 

She talked to me about her issues at work. She has been given a formal complaint from a coworker accusing her of harrassment. Someone who had actually had harrassed her himself. We talked about her childhood as an actor and growing up repressed by the teachings of the mormon church. 

We talked about lesbian books and I asked her about her favourite lesbian movie. She hasn't seen many since she has only recently come out as a lesbian since 2020. I mentioned Portrait de la jeune fille en feu as my favourite one and threw the idea of watching it together on the table. She accepted it without thinking.

We talked about dating, our approaches to it and how it has been affected by our mental conditions; having adhd for her, and being bipolar in my case. I told her the story of the couple and my diagnosis. When we talked about attachment styles, I even told her how my last crush had gone. 

We laughed, both of us; sincerely and enthusiastically. 

I mentioned to her how we had talked about she telling me the stories of her dating after I went away to Mexico. She narrated me her disastrous hook-up date with a Star Wars fan. 

When she so casually talked about going to a girl's house on the first date, I felt a mixture of envy and excitement. I could tell her to come with me to my house. I remembered I hadn't really told her that I am trans. Instead of telling her then to get it out of the way, I discarded my original idea. 

"Enough of talking about the negative, tell me some good stories", I said. 

"Well, I actually had a really good time with you..."

"Thank you", I don't know why I cut her off before lying, "but that's not the answer I was going for."

She told me one where they ran into their coworkers. Both hers and her date partner's. 

Even writing this, I keep thinking of reasons not to accept the idea that I was the best date she's had. It must be to not hurt my feelings. You don't talk about someone who you really like with the date you're one.  

When we were talking about getting better in our insecure attachment styles, she mentioned that she would be direct with me.

I took the pills a couple of paragraphs above and it is already hard to concentrate in writing this or even remembering the words that were said. 

She told me that she wanted to be open with me, and mentioned that the next two weeks are going to be hard. She said she'd try to reach out, but she was very careful not to make any promises. 

I saw her face change and catch her rubbing her legs. I asked her if she was in pain, and she didn't hide it. 

"Look, I don't want you to go, but I can ask the bill if you want."

We did that. The waitress brought me one and then told her the price of her irish whisky. I told her that it was going to be just one. She did the math in her head and passed me the terminal. 

We walked towards Guy-Concorday station and she made a comment about studying there. We briefly talked about our old apartments before getting to the front of the entrance. 

Like my last crush two years ago, she warned me that she was going to put her mask on, and made a comment how she still wears masks in the metro. 

I got over my fear and asked her to kiss her. 

"Sure", she said with a smile. 

I approached her and put my arm on her waist. The kiss was short and it felt hurried. We pulled away and I felt awkward. I tell myself that it was because she was in pain. I hope she didn't think it was awful. 

We waited for the metro. We talked about naps and being tired. She made a comment about feeling a haze due to the pain. She seemed like it. 

When we were approaching my station, I told her I had had a really good time and that I hoped her pain flare were mild and quick. I put my hand over her thigh and I think I saw her intention of putting her hand over mine, but the action, like our kiss, felt disorganized and clumsy. 

She wished me to arrive home safe. 

None of us have texted. 



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March  9, 2024
Date: 2024-03-09
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28501988



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 10th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-10
Num Words: 1506
Num Minutes: 47

"As someone who's literally on a date with you right now: Please don't."

"[...] I will try to reach out more often."

It was a hard weekend.

I can hear the sound of the bubbling of the boiling pasta water behind me. I got out of bed again to start preparing the tuna salad. I won't eat right now, but I want to put in the fridge for a couple of hours before I have dinner. I need to have some food with my second pills.

I didn't write yesterday. I could have, but I think I decided not to do it. By the time I came home, my head was all foggy from the second dosage of antipsychotics. I went straight to bed.

Yesterday—Saturday's morning—I slept through the whole night. I got out of bed around 9h without any difficulty and started my day with coffee, a bagel and the new dosage of medication.

I can't remember what I did most of the day. I think I tried to play a little—I put on Hollow Knight, but couldn't be entertained for more than 15 minutes. I downloaded the books that Sophie recommended, but haven't started any of them.

I thought about her in the morning. After our first date back in December, she texted me after her concert ended to tell me she had had a lovely night and to wish me safe travels. The second date, she misunderstood my text me when you're back request and texted me 30 minutes after the date to let me know she was back in her office and her meeting was over. I thought about our talk about behaving anxiously and avoidantly in our relationships. I felt guilty about her guilt-driven offer of reaching out more often after I acknowledge that her style of texting had left me wondering if she was really interested in me. Still, I decided to text her.

"I had a lovely night yesterday", I punctuated with a red heart like she would send a couple of weeks ago, "it was even more fun than the first one!"

I thought about the end of the night. How I noticed the flashing gestures of pain in her face and the switching of postures; the subtle rubbing of her legs. I continued my message.

"BTW, thank you for staying so long pushing through your pain, you really didn't have to."

I didn't honestly expect her to reply soon. She said her pain flare was coming up. When she cancelled me that Saturday because of her pain, she didn't reach back until I asked her how she was doing a couple of days later.

The text was still unread a couple of moments ago before I sent it away from sight into the deleted messages.

I saw in my apple watch the calendar event of the social gathering that was supposed to happen today for the executive board of the MJM.

I didn't want to go. It was supposed to be at Thomson House in the evening. When I opened the conversation, I saw a thread of messages from a week ago when someone realized that Thomson House is closed on the weekends. They suggested several places and settled for Bar Ganadara, or Bar Gana.

I looked for it online, but couldn't find it. I knew they were talking about Ganadara, but wasn't sure if it was the one we had recently gone to celebrate the lab's birthdays—including mine. I posted a message asking for someone to share the address.

Another girl—Meryem, I think?—even thanked me for raising the question, since by now it had completely slipped her mind.

The reservation was at 19h. Like I just wrote, I don't remember what I did most of the day until then.

It was raining when I stepped off the building and waited for the 30 bus. I rode it just until station Rosemont. I was listening to my iPod the whole way. There was a girl sitting on the metro wearing white. I looked at her and she noticed me. I felt embarrased and turned away. There was something about her that felt magnetic. I would catch glimpses of her dancing to the music coming from her airpods as she was browsing her phone.

I eventually got off and walked to the place. I can't remember how I was feeling.

I got inside and the hostess attended the group of asian guys who were in front of me. They told her something and then sat on a little bench when she went back. I stood in front of the small podium waiting for her to come back. The reservation was under the name Susan, for 7 people.

Another girl came behind me and passed directly to a table in the back. I hadn't met any of these people in person in the two years I've worked with them.

I remember I had gone on a date with Valerie to McKibbin's pub and told her how I was applying for a job in a journal. Back then I thought the position would be payed.

I can't remember how many dates I went out with Valerie before she told me that she felt we were better fitted as friends. Have I passed that number with Sophie? Is that what I fear, then, that I will get now a similar response from her as well?

The hostess came back and I told her the phrase I had rehearsed in my head. She pointed at the table that was right in the back, the one which that girl had just gone to.

When I got there we were only women. It would be a couple of minutes before Bennett arrived. And another while before Viet, the last person, would finally complete the table.

Most of the people in the table were medical students. One of them, the girl who was sitting right next to me was a resident—I forgot which specialty. The girl to her left was doing her master's, and the one in front me, was finishing her PhD in nutrition.

All of them were also younger than me. The other grad student was also born in 1993, but her birthday hasn't happened yet.

I felt left out of most conversations at first. It didn't last the whole night, but it was enough to remind me of how I've gotten used to feel like an outsider.

At first they had told us that because we were more than 6 people we could either have just one bill for the whole table, or distribute equally the full amount of the bill among the whole party. We settled on someone paying and then we transferring them the money.

I was not too hungry and I had just ordered the Alto poutine the night before, so I had a plate of Takoyaki and shared a pitcher of beer with the table. We waited for all of us to had their plates before we started eating.

I had eatend around two balls before I subtly took my pills out of my keyring and put them in my mind. I didn't have to hide the fact that I was taking medications. I still wanted to.

I started feeling the side effects of the medication mid-night. It was around 21h and I wanted to get out of there. The small talk in the metro felt excruciating. I wanted nothing more than get home and go straight to bed.

During the night the had asked me where do I live. I replied Villeray, but Viet did not understand me. I mentioned Jean-Talon and the francophone girl—Ainhoa?—intended to interrupt his thoughts with an explanation. He got it by himself and pronouned it outloud in a completely different way. I guess I have no idea how to pronounce my own neighborhood. 

Even though I was ready to hide in my bed, I took the sleeping pill. 

It didn't work. I woke up from a dream at 3h. It didn't take me long to fall asleep again, but I woke up a second time. The whole morning I felt unrested. I didn't get up until after noon. 

Now that I wrote that, I realize that the time on my microwave is different to the one in my electronics. Apparently, this morning the DST began at 2h, around the same time that I woke up. 

I had some of the tuna salad and the second dosage of antipsychotics. I haven't felt the side effects this time. 

I was supposed to go out with Alda this evening. We were going to go to La Toxica for tacos and then get a beer. She cancelled last minute because she was feeling under the weather. I was still in bed wearing my pajamas. We are meeting Tuesday at La graine Brûlée. 

Aliza sent me a text asking if I want to go to Thomson House this Thursday. 

Tomorrow the evaluations for French class start. 

I think I have still another week of French after that. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, March 11th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-11
Num Words: 845
Num Minutes: 52

"He made us lose 30 minutes going through Qu'est-ce que vous avez fait cette fin de semaine-là ? 

"I finished the evaluation in 15 minutes and now the asshole wants us to stay so that the losers can practice their stupid production orale. I fucking hate this class."

I think I am in a bad mood. Maybe taking the second dosage of the medication before the French class was not the best idea. I don't feel the anguish nor the fogginess that I felt last Saturday, even though I also drank this afternoon. It's just irritability.

I woke up again at 3h. I took a screenshot with the idea of sending it to Aliza or Sonny as a form of complaint.

What did I intend with that gesture? Do I want them to see the futility of my reaching out to the psychiatrist? Do I want them to notice how hard it is for me despite that I am actually trying?

I put off the alarm, yet I was the first person to arrive at the office.

I didn't take the long way there, but rather the 24 bus. I got in by the stairs of the gymnaseum.

I sent a message to Sonny's therapist. This time I didn't consult with ChatGPT about the grammar. I thought it would take her longer to reply back. Before I left the lab after the Neuro meeting, we had already agreed to meet this Thursday for the initial consultation by Zoom. I'll see her in two days at 13h. I guess I will stay home and meet with Louis on Teams.

I checked online and they have charged me for the new foundation—I think that was yesterday.

This morning, I saw online about the premiere of Love Lies Bleeding. After a quick google search, I learned that it's coming out this week. Not much later I was buying the ticket to myself this Thursday evening. It will be good to take my mind off everything.

I was filling out my calendar while the rest of the French class were finishing with their evaluation. I forgot to put in my meeting with Aliza this Thursday at Thomson House after her class.

I went today to Thomson House. I met Alda. We hadn't seen each other in a while. She was back from Europe last week—I think the 8th. We were going to meet yesterday, but the plans fizzled out. We had talked about going out tomorrow to work on a café, since I need to leave my building after they fumigate it. Still, after the Neuro meeting, I texted her if she wanted to go grab a drink at Thomson's before our respective French classes.

She had her wisdom teeth removed. We talked a bit about that. I need to figure out what I am going to do this summer and when exactly. Last I spoke with my mum, she offered to pay me for the therapy sessions. I told her to help me with the wisdom teeth instead.

At the lab, we talked a little bit about the visas for Korea. OHBM sent Vlad a promotional e-mail about the conference. Neda needs a different kind of visa to go there. Vlad made a comment about the X gender marker in the passport and how it is not recognized in Korea. Did they notice how I suddenly got uncomfortable when we got to that subject?

Louis original suggestion for AAIC in Philadelphia was to rent a van and drive together. That would be impossible for me. Maybe it was just a crazy idea and we'll all fly there. Maybe we don't even go at all.

If we do go, I can ask to redirect my flight to San Diego and stay with my family for the rest of the summer. Just now am I thinking about French class. Hopefully the next session will still online—as much as I hate it. I don't want to have to go all the way to La Salle.

The class has returned. Last Wednesday my teams was not working. The camera would not work at all. We were just going to move on to practice a made-up conversation. I decided to sent a text to the professor telling him that I was going to disconnect. He didn't see it at all, thus I sent him an e-mail. I never got a response.

Now they're practicing it. I don't want to do it. I don't feel like turning on the camera. I'll stay hidden behind the profile picture unless I am called out.

When Alda and I started gathering our stuff, I saw a girl walk besides the building towards the playing field. She was wearing a leather jacket but the hair colour was off. I still hurried towards the exit but I didn't see her well. All the way to the metro until I took the train was I half-expecting to catch a glimpse of her.

When I got home, I deleted the still-unread message from Saturday before discarding the recently-deleted messages for good.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 12th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-12
Num Words: 767
Num Minutes: 33

 She'd only love two things. The first was her long dark hair. The second was how easily she could cut it off and feel nothing. 

I got up early because I wanted to shower before the fumigators would arrive. I don't remember if I changed the alarm. I might have postponed it a little bit until 8h30. 

I did not have breakfast nor brewed any coffee.

Last night I emptied out the cupboards and left everything ready for the technician's arrival.

I kept waiting on my phone. I remembered how the last time they started around 10h or 11h. Before 10h, though, I started feeling impatient.

Alda texted me in the morning if they had arrived yet. 

They didn't knock on my door until after 11h. Through the peephole, I saw the same woman as the last time a couple of months ago. 

She had a key that she put on the doors from which she didn't get a response. I could had left in the morning. 

I bought a small pastry from Cocobun. The woman in front of me selected No Tip from the terminal. Even though I payed in cash, I gave her the small change to the korean woman in the cashier. I had my morning pills before exiting the station.

I arrived at La graine brûlée a bit past noon. Alda replied to my I'm here text saying she hadn't left yet. She joined me around 13h. 

All day I kept supervising the scripts and continuing working with the journal from 2015. I started feeling a bit depressed from those days. I switched back the word deadname to my actual deadname. 

I was still in September from that year, before I couldn't do it anymore and ask Alda if she wanted to leave early. 

I saw her glance towards Dollarama.  I asked her if she wanted to go, but she mistook my clarification for an invitation. In there, I bougth a small bag of chips. 

I got home at around 16h. I started putting the stuff back in their place without taking off my headphones. 

Alda had mentioned that she liked reading the day I had shared with her. I had sent her one day back in 2015, when I suspected that Monica had given Mallinali the same journal that I bought for her before her departure to France. After I cleaned it a little bit, I sent her the entry from November 14th of 2021. One night after meeting Kate, where I talk about our previous night in the club. 

Alda really liked it. Which made me want to share more with her. I offered her one two years later, from June 2023, on which I talk about a week before and my night with Alexia. I sent her while people were gathering in Teams for the second day of evaluations. 

Alda, after that one, told me how she really liked my writing and she wished she had read more about the night itself. 

We finished the oral comprehension part before the pause at 19h30. I found it annoying. I don't think I had a perfect score, but I did the best that I could have. 

The second part of the class was preparing another oral production practice. My Teams started malfunctioning when he broke us up in rooms. I was tempted not to reconnect again, but two times in a row would look too suspicious. 

At the café, I realized that I have the perfect excuse to miss out on the social gathering next week with the CCNA conference that I registered for. 

I was paired up with Senio, thus, it was not as bad as it could have been. In the end we did not go up. 

When the class ended, I went to the fridge to have the rest of the tuna salad. I had the second portion of the medication. At first I did not feel any side effects, other than walk around my apartment fantasizing out-loud on what I could text to Sophie in the next two weeks. 

Right now, I feel much more calmer in that sense after realizing it's an awful idea. On the other hand, I find it extremely hard to complete these words. I need to note down for our next appointment how going with Dr Franck's original idea of taking the second dosage at lunch time is almost as crazy as textking Sophie out of the blue inviting her to come over one of these nights to play Trauma Bonding the drinking game, as she called it, over a  bottle of wine. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, March 13th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-13
Num Words: 790
Num Minutes: 30

"Hi there, how are you? Sorry for late reply [...]"  Today I got a text I had already started thinking I would never receive.

I kept waking up and falling back asleep since around 4h. My alarm was set earlier than the usual 7h45. I don't remember if dreamed anything. I have the vague feeling of hopping out of an unfamiliar reality, but I can't remember anything in particular.

I did the usual morning routine I am getting tired of describing everyday. I put on the wine-coloured pants. I weighted 78.25 kg. It's not the lowest I've been these past few days, but it's not much higher either. I might end up winning the bet.

I passed by la boulangerie, I ordered the same thing I always do. Je prends un croissant amandes, stp. Sometimes they mistake the almonds part for normal.

I grabbed the metro and the 24 bus. I had enough time to take the walk through des Pins, but didn't really feel like it.

I got to the office a couple of minutes after 8h. I had the entire corridor to myself. I ate my pastry and drank my coffee in silence.

The meeting with Pedro and his team was scheduled at 9h. The first one to arrive was Vlad. Then Daniel. Lastly, with a handful of minutes to spare, arrived Neda. We marched together to Louis office.

The meeting went as usual. Pedro praised all research projects but mine. I purposefully said nothing more than the mere necessary. Louis excused me by saying I've been busy preparing the PreventAD data. Before we left the office, Daniel and Neda made some comments about the code running in my terminal. I was just finishing extracting the Hippocampal and Ventricular volumes from the recently segmented images. Lines were flashing down the screen. It looks more impressive than it actually is. I've grown accustomed to saying something like that.

When the meeting was over, I asked Neda for her Racket disease staging measures and Reza for his Brain Age Gap measures. The former sent them to me immediately. The latter later replied to my Teams message asking me if there was a hurry.

"Not at all! Preferably before either of us graduates."

I've gotten used to letting my phone automatically set up the working do not disturbe mode that activates because of the location. I doubt anyone gives any attention to it like I used to do for someone.

In one of my many trips to the restroom, I unlocked my phone and saw a new name next to Maykol's. A recently forgotten name. Unexpected.

The emoji was not a cat, but an abbacus.

Two years ago I went on a date with a girl who had a picture boarding an ikea shopping cart mid laugh. Was it really a date or did we clarified it's platonic nature since the very beginning? She told me she would be deleting Hinge but wanted to remain in contact since she was in a desperate need of friends.

We went to Palco, in Verdun, the same bar that I escaped from last month in my latest attempt of a lesbian party.

I didn't open her weeks-old response until a couple of moments ago. I haven't replied. I don't know what I'll tell her. I know I sent her the text because I wanted to rant about my latest obsessive gestures. Her last message ends with How have you been? 

How have I been?

I'll need to answer that same question tomorrow afternoon with Fabiola. I think it was me who gave Sonny her contact. I took her to that practice in Coyoacán that one time, years ago.

I left the office after the CIC Lecture ended. It was a talk about the effect of affirmative gender care in infance and youth in western and eastern cultures. When I briefly talked with Aliza about it, I told her it was ok. Just OK. I wouldn't bother going back to revisit the recording.

Tomorrow I will meet with her at Thomson after my meeting with Louis.

Instead of walking towards Station Sherbrooke, I took the 80 bus at du Parc until Fairmount. I was tempted to ener the homonymous bagel shop, but I just got myself an order of gnocchi. I finished them before I got to Station Laurier.

I waited inside the train for around 10 minutes before it started moving.

Today it was the last day of French class for the week. We didn't finish with the evaluations.

Before class I felt so exhausted, I decided to take a 1-hour nap before 18h. I fell asleep enumerating to myself the reasons why I do and don't expect Sophie to reach out ever again.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 14th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-14
Num Words: 764
Num Minutes: 39

 "¿Sabes cómo con TDAH, los estimulantes tienen un efecto paradógico? Yo tengo una naturaleza represiva y el alcohol es inhibitorio." 

I am sitting on a table at the corner in Thomson's House. 

Aliza was sitting on this chair just a couple of minutes ago. I am looking straight at the blonde girl who Aliza mentioned looks like someone whom she was—kind of—attracted to in college. Her eyeglasses are red. Her hands are large. She's playing with the edge of the table while she talks to the guy to her left. 

People at her table are coming back with two pitchers of beers. 

While Aliza was her—I was sitting at the other end of the table—I looked at a different woman. She has not come back. She is dark-haired and is wearing a red t-shirt. She's the only one who hasn't come back. 

Why am I describing strangers? 

Is this how it should feel when I photograph people on the streets? 

I had therapy this afternoon. 

I told Aliza how next Monday I have an appointment with Calli. I need to break up with her. I can't repeat what happened two years ago with the two therapists. I am sure she will understand. 

Why do I still feel bad about it? 

A couple of years in the future, when I come back to read these words and remember back to this day, will I picture the two women from that large table next to us that I referred to? The red-t-shirted girl came back, but she's sitting in an angle in which I can't glance at her. The blonde girl is right in front of me but hasn't looked in my way this whole time. 

My session with Fabiola went alright. I did feel at ease and I have the feeling that it will be useful for me. We just got to know of each other. I talked about my life here in Canada, the program and my time left, my hobbies and my family dynamic. I mentioned—in passing—that I was trans. Did she know of it beforehand? There was no nod of understanding, nor a repressed surprise reaction. She did ask folow-up questions about it. 

I've transitioned for almost 8 years now. I've been a woman for almost a third of my life. 

The session end with half an hour of time before my meeting with Louis. I sent him a text on Teams a minute before our alloted time. After 5 minutes, I sent him an e-mail in case he hadn't seen it. 

I waited for 20 minutes without a response. 

I texted Reza asking him if he had met with Louis. He replied fairly quickly to say he did, they met in person at his office. I joked that then it was personal. 

"Me le quedo viendo a la chica que se parece a tu chica. Se me viene a la cabeza cuando mi ex me dijo aquí en Montréal Staring is rude, you know?" I just texted Aliza on Whatsapp. 

Louis came online on Teams. He replied to my e-mail explaining that he had just missed my earlier e-mail, he then went to the office looking for me and had no internet, thus no messages. He was soon meeting with MohammedReza, but maybe we could try at 15h30. 

I replied to his e-mail almost immediately, agreeing to his proposed time.

Aliza replied to my earlier text telling me that she was just coming out from her exam. I told her I'd be meeting her around 16h30 and, just moments later, Louis sent a text throught Teams that his meeting with MohammedReza had just come to an premature ending. 

"Quiero mandarle mensaje a la chica que se llama casi como yo, pero mejor le voy a mandar mensaje a la chica que se llama casi como mi—otra—ex." I texted Aliza further down in our conversation. 

With Louis, I talked about the Qrater paper submission; the status of the HVR paper; what ideas I had come out regarding the TRIAD project. When our meeting ended, I grabbed my laptop, my backpack and came here. 

Aliza was already sitting here—at the exact same seat I am right now—when I came through the door. 

I have another hour to kill before I should start getting on my way to the theater. Alda also bought tickets to the movies. Maybe I should text her about meeting beforehand. 

I've drunk almost two pints of cider and I'm starting to feel them. 

"Sí le mandé mensaje, no me importa si contesta o no. Quisiera sentirme asi con named-almost-like-me."

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 15, 2024
Date: 2024-03-15
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28510540



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March 16th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-16
Num Words: 1522
Num Minutes: 134

"Alda, Vero just asked me now how my dating life is going. I don't know how to answer her. How is it going?"

I need to do laundry this weekend. I can't keep postponing it over and over. The clothes are now overflowing the hampers

I probably won't go today.

There is always Sunday.

Yesterday I was supposed to meet Alda at a café somewhere to do some work. We talked about checking out La poubelle magnifique, this new underground kind of thing that is around Crescent. Aunja, the iranian café on Sherbrooke was another viable option.

I broke my rule about having coffee after noon.

I told Alda later when we met that I had not done a single productive thing. That was lie. I sent out a reply to Jennifer's e-mail inquiring about the status of the PreventAD data processing.

That was how much I worked on the last day of the week.

The night before, Thursday, I did get home pretty late.

I got quite drunk as well.

Aliza left and I sat on her chair. I had still half a pint of cider left. When Alda texted that she was inside Thomson's, I chugged the rest and we left on our way.

We made a stop at metro. Alda got herself a can of beer. I wandered around considering getting something for me, but nothing was appetizing enough. She offered sneaking it in for me if that was what was stopping me. I don't think it was.

We walked the couple of steps to the movies. The lady at the entrance who scanned our tickets explained something to us, but most of it got missed in the French. Another women beside her teared off two small tickets and gave us one each.

I walked towards the concession stand. Alda said she would wait around. I bought myself a small bag of popcorn. With my buttery food, I went towards the standing tables. Alda was not in there. I thought she was in the restrooms, so I stayed for a bit. Had I glanced at my phone I would had seen her texts telling me she had gone inside the theater.

She was sitting on the last row. The vast majority of the people inside were queer women.

How did I know they were queer? What was it that gave me the idea these women are like me?

Before the movie started, two cinema workers came inside with a handful of red gym bags, merchandise of the movie. The tickets that they had given us were for a small raffle. One of the winners was the number right before Alda's.

The movie was as queer as it could have been. Alda liked it more than I did. I got annoyed by the characters' impulsive decisions. The protagonists' relationship felt foreign to me.

"I won't settle for anything less", commented Alda about their relationship when the movie ended and we were leaving the theater.

She went South towards des Pins and I walked up north to catch the 30 bus passing in front of station Sherbrooke. I made it in time. The bus left me across the street from my building at around midnight.

Friday, I cancelled the plans of going to a café. We would meet Veronica at Le warehouse in the evening after work. The plans were taking form. We would meet at Le furniture warehouse, the one in St-Laurent, rather than the one in Crescent. We would meet at 19h.

I mistakenly thought that yesterday was Saint Patrick's, so the idea came up of making a reservation. I didn't take the initiative of doing it since I hate making phone calls. Alda texted me on the side to tell me she was feeling anxious about doing it. I remembered how there are sometimes links to websites in Google maps where you can make the reservations online. I looked into it and found the website of the different locations for the bar in Montréal. On the Contact webpage, there was a small notice saying that none of their establishments take reservations.

The afternoon passed uneventfully.

It was the first time since Cuba that I wore the dark denim jacket. I even put on make-up. The new foundation tone fits me better, but it still felt fake. I put on some eye-liner. I looked fine; not great nor bad, just fine.

I walked from station Sherbrooke towards St-Laurent. I was walking on Prince Arthur when Vero texted us asking if we were on our way. Someone had mentioned that we should aim to arrive on time so the bar wouldn't be too crowded. I stopped in front of the bar 3 minutes before our agreed time. Alda was also on her way. It wasn't long before I saw her standing across the street waiting for the lights to change.

We decided to go inside and wait for Vero at a table. The place seemed pretty empty. The hostess received us and guided us to a booth. She left two menus for us. We were sitting right under a speaker. The place was pretty empty and the music too loud. The prices were not as cheap as we were expecting. We didn't last more than 5 minutes before we grabbed our stuff and left.

The day before that I walked around the area, I noticed the irish flag of a pub around the corner from where we were. I proposed going there instead a propos of it being Saint Patrick's.

This time I replied to the hostess who let us in. I asked her in French if they had a table available for three people. She suggested the bar and then asked us to wait for a bit. They did have a space in the back in one of those higher tables. She left us there with three menus on the table.

Alda and I ordered a pint of Guiness while we waited for Vero to arrive. She apologized for the tardiness and assured us she was on her way and would arrive in around 10 minutes.

"We'll be there in 10 mins; sorry I'm late guys!"

Alda and I wondered about the possibility of Vero coming with someone given her pronoun use. It was not 10 minutes until she came but she did arrive alone. She was videocalling her man when she sat on the empty stall.

I put on How I met your mother replacing New Girl as the stuff playing on the background.

We were sitting inside N. Sophie had already ordered her irish whisky. I had just asked her to move on from the negative and suggested she told me about the highlights of her dating stories. After acknowledging she had indeed passed a very nice time on our first date, she was telling me about that time she was on a date with someone when they run into groups of both of their coworkers.

Was that the story that triggered her friend suggesting that she was the female version of Ted Mosby in the lesbian retelling of How I met your mother?

If there were a lesbian retelling of How I met your mother, I would be Ted Mosby getting fixated on the idea of a person.

Vero ordered a Jaggerbomb and Alda and I got ourselves a plate of fries. It was after this first meal that we started drinking Irish whiskey by ordering a round of ginger & lime Jameson cocktails.

"Remember you have to mantain eye contact when making a toast!" Said Vero. "Otherwise you get seven years of bad sex."

"I think I prefer bad sex over no sex."

We paid our bills and decided to move bars. We went to check out the other Warehouse location in Crescent. We could always check out a different place around the area if we decided it wasn't to our liking.

We waited around 10 minutes in line. When it was our turn to get in, the bouncers asked us for our IDs. Vero was not carrying a wallet. At first the guy told her it had to be a physical ID. He then asked her her age. When she said 25, he took her phone. He looked at the picture and asked her for the address. I stayed next to her, but I am not sure why.

At our booth we started getting the night special of PBR and a shot of Jameson.

In the first warehouse the music was loud. In Ye olde orchard, the loudness came from the surrounding conversations. In this later bar, there were both of those things. At least, in this warehouse, I was enjoying the music.

Alda and I split Vero's beer, and we kept ordering rounds of shots of Jameson. The last time, the waitress brought us doubles since we had to wait for them.

We left in time to catch the metro. Vero walked with me to the Station, but we went in oppositde directions. Both Alda and I woke up today with a hangover.

I ordered pizza tonight. It should be on its way.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 17th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-17
Num Words: 760
Num Minutes: 105

"I'm still in mtl, didn't move anywhere. I'm ok."

Today I stayed in bed.

After turning off the alarm at 9h, my watch kept vibrating several times.

The first time it was with the picture of a vintage car in Cuba. The second time, it showed me my father's portrait—probably taken by my mom. The third time it didn't contain any pictures, as Messages don't. I wanted a cat but got an abbacus instead.

When the morning finally ended, I got out of bed and actually went to shower. I am wearing the green cargo pants with the poutine t-shirt I bought at a souvenirs' shop. Just now am I realizing that I bought this shirt with Monica.

Should I text her? That would definitely keep my head busy from the—lack of—texts of other people.

I tried not to open the message I did recieve. I read it from the preview and it seemed curt and dry. It felt nice not caring about it. I deleted the conversation without opening, knowing that I'd have 30 days to revive it.

I grabbed my tote bag and walked towards Tsikinis. I bought a dozen eggs, a tomato, a couple of onions, and a bag of tortillas. I walked back home and prepared breakfast with some of the new ingredients and the leftovers fries from last night.

This morning I weighted the more than 79kg. That didn't prevented me from cooking three rather than two eggs. This evening I really wanted to get out a third time to the dépanneur and get me some beers; maybe walking a bit further to SAQ and buying myself a bottle of Vodka. At least I could contain myself from doing that.

The SAQ closed half an hour ago.

After eating I went inside my room and put most of my dirty clothes into my weekend bag. The pants and sheets went into a large tote bag.

The walk to the laundromat was serene and uneventful. It felt briefer than usual. 

I kept reading Honey girl while the washing machines ran. The astronomer listened to the radio show of her recent bride. The book is starting with the romance. Am I enjoying it? 

It makes me thinkg of what I don't have. 

After the two washing machines that I always use finished, I moved the sheets to one of the dryers that I always use. I was ready to start putting the clothes on the drier above, but I saw a green piece of tape hanging on the handle of the door. I didn't want to risk it, so I placed my clothes on the one to the left. 

I think that machine might be cheaper than the other ones. For two dollars it kept running much more than the other one that had the sheets. I stopped it even before it could finish. The clothes were burning hot. 

I took the baskets to the table where I was reading, first Honey Girl and then the journal for 2024 that I exported last night. I fold the clothes and started feeling nervous that some of them have shrunk. Maybe the jeans will be tighter. Perhaps the t-shirts that I got with my family this winter will be shorter. 

I think I lost a sock.

Last night, I am not entirely sure why, I exported the missing days from my journal. I put them into the Markdown document and made a PDF with all of 2024. It starts in the end of January, after Sophie cancelled our second date. It finishes with yesterday's 1500 words fixing the broken streak. 

I read some of it before going to bed, and I read it further before falling asleep. I made it to around page 46 of 75, before I fell under the effects of my sleeping pill. 

The water for the pasta that I will have for dinner is bubbling, but it's not really boiling yet. The oven is pre-heated waiting for my leftover pizza. 

One of the morning vibrations of my watch was to remind me about tomorrow's appointment with Calli. I considered cancelling it and just avoid rescheduling.

I dread last sessions. I hate closures. What am I going to say? 

Maybe that's why I avoided it a couple of years ago when I saw both her and Owen at the same time for a couple of weeks.

Tomorrow I have my second session with Fabiola. I had completely forgotten that I am supposed to go to a Hotel in vieux port for a conference that same day. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, March 18th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-18
Num Words: 825
Num Minutes: 101

"For one moment, let's just imagine that you could know exactly what will happen. You have this magic crystal ball from where you can see into the future. Pretend that you know that this will go on, with occasional rencounters and intermittent communication, for the next six months. How does knowing that make you feel?"

I could not fall asleep last night.

At around 1h30, I realized I forgot to take my sleep medication. I hesitated about taking it. The pharmacist warned me not to taken without the possibility of staying a full 7 hours in bed. I had to leave before 9h for my therapy in the morning.

I woke up a couple of times with the sunrise. I turned off the alarm before giving it a chance to sing.

I made a stop at the boulangerie and bought my usual breakfast. I rode the orange line and the 24 bus until Mansfield stop. I walked uphill McTavish until the Brown building, where I sat on a table to eat my pastry and drink my coffee in the free hour that I had before my session.

When the time came and I went to the Wellness Hub, I was received by a new receptionist. He asked me for my student's ID number. I blanked out so I asked him to give me some time to take out my card. He told me he had seen that I was registered for a follow-up. After asking me if I knew the way, he sent me off.

I waited in the waiting room until Calli stepped out to let me in.

This was not our last session. I did not bring up that I started therapy with another counselor.

During the first half I mentioned how, accidentally, I cut myself on the wrist while doing the dishes yesterday. It started stinging in a familiar way.

I kept glancing at the thin scarlet line on the side of my hand while waiting to come in.

"Did it remind you of cutting yourself in a different way?"

Halfway through the session, during one of the moments that I fell silent, she brought up an old subject.

"What happened with the person you had connected with, did you ended up reaching out again after you met during valentine's?"

The second half of the session we spent talking about what has happened these past four weeks. I talked about how I asked her out a las time as a desperate attempt to put an end to this crush.

I told her how we briefly touched the subject of meeting again.

"Still, I doubt that it will ever happen. I know there is no evidence to make me think of that..."

"Uh... well", she interrupted me mid-thought.

I talked about how, yet again, I am waiting for a text that might never arrive.

"I hate the idea that I am chasing her. In order to chase something, it means it's running away from you."

"Let me challenge that thought. Sometimes there is a thrill in chasing. Sometimes kids chase each other when playing tag. There are races. There are many other ways a chase might happen."

We set up an appointment in three weeks.

Tomorrow I am seeing Fabiola. 

I think I'll come back home around 11h to have my session in here. The ride back home, including the walks to and from the metro station, is only 30 minutes. 

After my therapy, I decided against going to the office. Instead of walking uphill towards the MNI, I went down all the way to station Bonaventure. 

Walking home I felt like crying, much more than I did my entire therapy session. 

Around noon, I grabbed a tote bag and went outside. My first stop was Tsikinis, where I bought a small container of hummus. Then I entered the dépanneur, from where I got a bag of sour cream and bacon chips and two bottles of zero-calories drinks. Lastly, I went to SAQ and got the bottle of Vodka that I had succesfully avoided buying these past few days. 

I started drinking at around 15h. 

I sent another day of my journal to Alda. 

"This is the best written out of all that I've read [...] I really love this one. I think this should be the start of your book."

In French class, it was supposed to be la partie de l'evaluation concernant la production orale. The first half before the break, the prof sent us out to breakout rooms to practice the two dialogues. After the pause, he sent us in rooms again to wait for him to come evaluate us. 

Time ran out and he brought us back. My Teams stopped working again while Segnio was telling him that I had a conference tomorrow and might not be able to make it. He waited another 10 minutes after class to evaluate our dialogues. 

I can now skip French tomorrow evening. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 19, 2024
Date: 2024-03-19
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28516670



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, March 20th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-20
Num Words: 1585
Num Minutes: 52

"Have you tried not being anxious?"

Yesterday, I decided not to do the words. 

I had plenty of time; both in the afternoon and at night. I didn't do it because I didn't want to. 

It's 00h32 right now. Where this a night a couple of years ago and I wouldn't have bothered. I was coming on the metro and, before I missed my stop at Berri UQAM, I just remembered that I had a streak of more than 30 days.

This week is the conference of CCNA. It started yesterday morning. Last week I realized that I couldn't stay at home this Tuesday for my session with Fabiola since I had to go to the hotel for the conference. 

The day before, as I am sure I wrote, I said in French class that I had a conference I needed to go to and it would be probably impossible for me to attend the next class. The professor understood and stayed a couple of minutes after the session to record the dialogues of me and Senio. 

I went to bed with the alarm set for 6h. The plan was to get up, arrive in time for the breakfast, and stay until 11h. I had plenty of time to make it back home and connect for my session at noon. 

The alarm sounded and I turned it off. I stayed in bed until later in the morning. I don't remember if I even got up to drink my coffee. 

I did. I remember still drinking some during my session, which tells me that I must have gotten out of bed at around 11h. 

Last night, one of the times I considered writing for the day, I thought about starting narrating the dream that woke me up. 

For the conference today, I wore the pants I bought with Sonny. All day I felt self-conscious about the smell coming from my crotch. Every time I went to the restroom, I kept noticing my underwear being moist. 

My dream started being about something like that, except the moisture in my underwear had a crimson colour. It had happened several times, but then one night, it wasn't just my underwear. The blood had transpired through my underwear and my shorts all the way to the sheets of the bed. 

My mom noticed and was asking me about it. What was it all about? I said I didn't know.

"Sofía, are you getting your period?"

"How would I be getting a period? I don't have a uterus... I don't even have a vagina!" 

Fabiola brought up my dissatisfaction, frustration and anger with my own body. I told her about my dreams, the one from that morning and the one I had years ago when I dreamed I had miraculously gotten pregnant.

I told her how, before transitioning I never imagined myself as a parent. I realized later that it had to do with me not ever wanting to be a dad. Now, more than a decade later, I feel heartbroken with the news of people I know having kids or even sometimes watching a couple of toddlers in a café in Verdun. 

I talked about my history with self-harm; the recent scar that is still bright red on the side of my wrist. I told her about the first time that I cut myself back in the apartment at Fuentes Brotantes, and then one of the recent ones after the French class homework for which we were supposed to bring childhood pictures to be shown to a classmate and compared to how we look now. 

I can barely remember what else did I do yesterday after the session ended. I know I asked Sonny to transfer her the money. I probably tried to work some more in the afternoon, even though I haven't finished preparing the documents for submitting the Qrater paper. I don't think I kept working on the journal. Did I just watch How I met your mother? 

I drank. I served myself some vodka with the lemon sparkling drink I got myself at the dépanneur that day. I started drinking around the time that I was supposed to connect to class. 

I don't remember exactly at around what time, María texted me to tell me that she had tried to connect to class from her phone, but it was impossible to follow up in the train. She asked me if I was still down to meet at the metro for going to the bowling alley. 

I told her that I would have loved to, but I had a conference this week which would make it impossible for me to go. 

"¿Cuándo te regresas a España? Hay que ver si alcanzamos a hacer algo antes de que te vayas."

She replied back yesterday telling me that good thing she had asked me because, without me, there was no point in her going either. She told me her availability after her trip later this week. We would have to meet between the 28th and the 31st. 

When I went to bed last night, I, again, put the alarm for 6h. 

This time it did get to sound. It woke me up from a dream where I was stealing my own bike. I postponed it another 9 minutes, but I couldn't fall back to sleep. 

I showered and got ready. Like I wrote up, I put on my checkered pants and the top that looks like a sweater over a white shirt. I put on the blazer and, over it, the coat that Sonny left in here. 

There were some white spread on the streets. Instead of the brown shoes that I had considered wearing, I put on the red boots before leaving my apartment. 

I made it to the hotel at precisely 7h30. I saw how they were finishing setting up breakfast while I asked to register and picked up my credential and totebag. I walked back to the end of the corridor and put up my coat on a hanger from one of the two racks that where in front of the elevators. 

By the tables where I just had registered, I recognized one of the women from CCNA that I met in Amsterdam. It was the Jewish woman who had worked in Israel. I don't think she recognized me. 

I got a plate and served myself some food to have my first dose of medications. I took my breakfast and my cup of coffee to one of the empty round tables. 

A neurologist sat a couple of chairs to my left. He started making small talk and, not much later, a woman he know sat a couple of seats away from him. 

When Aliza and Walter got in, she asked me why I was sitting with strangers. 

"Porque cuando me senté la mesa estaba vacía." 

I finally met Amelie. The German girl in her lab of whom she's been talking about. She seemed nice. I got that same familiar feeling that she didn't like me. 

After the talks in the morning, I went up in the elevator with Aliza's lab. I saw myself in the mirror besides Mahsa, Yashar, and Aliza. I hated what I saw. 

I hated my clothes and they way my body looked in them. I hated how my hair looked after wearing gel instead of the cream. I hated the roundness of my face and the thickness of my neck. I didn't just feel fat, I felt unnatractive. 

Despite all of that, I ate today more than I have eaten any other day of this year. 

Aliza gave her talk. I noticed how she was feeling nervous. Her talk was good. She got one or two questions in the end. At first I waited for her to finish talking with some people from the audience. I saw the rest of her lab talking with each other waiting for her. I started feeling self-conscious and that I didn't belong before I walked out. 

We went on break and I ate for the third or fourth time. I was with them again before leaving them and meeting with my own labmates. It wasn't until I joined Neda, Reza, and Mahdie, that I starting feeling self-concious of them having to switch to English because of my presence. They explained to me a little about the Iranian New Year before I abandoned them, too. 

Was that the last talk? Was that the last think before the reception? 

Mahsa asked me when was I graduating. She's looking for a Postdoc this summer.

We sat at another table and continued talking until they put up dinner and started serving alcohol. I got myself a glass of red wine and Aliza got herself a drink. Several times it happened the familiar moments where I say something that nobody hears. I was the person in whole table who spoke the least. Aliza had a second ticket and we shared a glass of white wine. 

At around 20h, Aliza, Amelie, Mahsa, and Yashar left to the metro. 

I went to McKibbins to meet with Alda. 

"Dile a Alda que hice dramas porque no me invitó." 

I got into the pub around 20 minutes of our agreed time. I got myself a dark & stormy and waited for Alda. After talking about our fixations, best kisses, and best sexual encounters, we finished our second cocktails.

Alda came with me to A&W where I got some fries to have the last dose of antipsychotics. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 21, 2024
Date: 2024-03-21
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28523116



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 22, 2024
Date: 2024-03-22
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28523740



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March 23, 2024
Date: 2024-03-23
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28524742



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 24th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-24
Num Words: 2044
Num Minutes: 89

"~Kath~; ~Valerie~; ~Max~; ~Monica~; ~Héloïse~; Now, Sophie."

Writing about 2015, when I intentionally stopped writing the day Monica decided she couldn't be my friend so the counter of continues days of writing in the journaling website would keep a tally of the number of days since her leaving feels so bizarre.

I haven't written anything for the past three days. I am not sure if there was a reason behind it.

Thursday I stayed home. I did not go to the CCNA conference in the morning, nor I went to the lab to meet with Louis at his office.

I sent him an e-mail asking about the meetings. I did meet with him on Teams. He didn't go to the conference either, since he had a meeting with some people. He actually moved Neda's and MohammedReza's meetings to Monday.

I have this idea that I did something on Thursday's evening since I was free from French. The rest of the week seems now like a blur.

I think Thursday evening was when I got myself some KFC from Uber Eats.

I have no idea what I did on Friday. I just know that it wasn't any work.

I also know that I've been drinking more than I should have. One of these days I went to the dépanneur at the corner of the street and got myself a six pack of Guiness. Last night that I went to Aliza's I brought two of the bottles to her house. In the fridge, I might not have any groceries other than three jalapeño peppers and two small red onions, but I do have half of the six pack left.

I had my list of people to reach out to keep me busy.

I replied to Kath's text asking about my mental health and moved on to continue reaching out to old, flared-out connections.

Thursday—it must have been—, I texted Valerie. I told her I had thought about her after seeing Love Lies Bleeding with Alda, and wondered how she was doing. I considered mentioning the raincheck she had given me to the movies. I don't even remember what was the movie that I ended up watching with Alda instead.

Friday morning I woke up to her conversation reborn. Her latest messages remain unopened there.

Aliza broke up with Ali.

Yesterday she texted me during the day to ask me if I was up to doing something that evening. Liana had asked her to do something. Going out would do me good, so I accepted without hesitation.

Later in the night, when I asked her about confirming the time, she let me know that Liana had not replied to her texts and that she had talked with Ali the night before.

"¿Todo chido?" 

"No, le dije que terminemos. Ella estaba en otro punto. Estoy hecha bolita." 

"¿En otro punto?, I'm sorry."

"Like, trabajando sus problemas y planteando qué quiere para luego llegar y que pudiéramos platicar y negociar la relación." 

We settled on just going to her house to chill and watch something on the television.

I took my headphones for the commute and two bottles of Guinness for my visit.

We watched some New Girl and talked about her recently ended relationship. Aliza had been thinking about breaking up even before Ali had her latest mental health issue. She mentioned how she can't share spaces with some people who are an important part of Ali's life yet have political views completely opposed to who Aliza is as a jewish woman.

I left her house a a couple of minutes before midnight. I saw the 108 bus pass the stop before I had the chance to walk towards it. I ended up going to the same station from which I arrived to Verdun.

I had this idea of taking the green line until Berri UQAM and then grabbing the 30 bus. I got out of the station close to my first studio apartment in the city. I managed to get to the bust stop with plenty of time until the scheduled departure of the bus. There was a couple at the stop already waiting. The ETA of the bus kept decreasing in my phone until it reached the negative numbers. I decided to continue with the orange line.

I got home around 1h. I texted Aliza a summary of my odyssey a couple of blocks before I actually got home.

I had come half-convinced about the idea of doing the exact same thing I did earlier this month. I could text Sophie my proposition of coming over. She would either accept or deny it, which either option would put an end to my uncomfortable crush.

I don't know why even now, the third option of not responding at all—the actual thing that happened with the last text I sent her—does not seem viable in my mind.

I wrote two potential texts in my Notes app.

Never asked you—did you ever find someone to try out Trauma bonding(TM) the drinking game? 

I could use your help! There's this girl I've gone on a couple of dates with. We haven't texted in a while, but she did say she'd be pretty busy. I really like her, though. Should I text her or let her be who reaches out? What do you think? 

I was drunk last night, but not drunk enough to send either of them.

"No textees a esta hora personas con las que no hablas hace meses." Read Aliza's text at 1h45.

Despite taking my sleeping pills—unlike my second dose of antipsychotics—, I slept less than I thought I would have. I refined the potential texts in my phone and got out of bed with the full intention of going throught the list of names before earning my right to put an end to this unhealthy fixation.

I did not shower, but I put on the same outfit that I wore to Aliza's house. I grabbed my coat, my wallet and my headphones and I walked towards the bakery. I asked for my usual order and the baker pointed towards both the normal and almond croissants. I clarified my request and asked for a latté with it. I found a table in the back and sat down with my pastry. Like the times I had gone with Monica—did I go there with Sonny?—, I had to wait a while for my drink.

I had my breakfast listening to music and thinking about the messages that I would send today. I did not send any back then.

My plan was to get back home, grab my bags, and go to the IGA. I also did not do that.

Instead, I came back home and went back to bed. I slept for a couple of hours. When I woke up, I continued my conversation with Alda.

Two nights ago, at midnight, I had sent her a text that remained unresponded until this morning.

"I have two questions", I started like one of the options I was thinking of sending Sophie.

"1) Do you think that I haven't heard from Sophie for two weeks necessarily means she's not into me?

2) Let's go out with Lizzie, no? I dunno why I started thinking about her. Do you still have her scarf?"

When I woke up this morning, she had replied with a laugh and saying she does still have the scarf, and that, sadly, it probably did mean that. I shared with her my resignation that I'd end up texting Sophie pretty soon. She said back that Anthony had texted her something.

Now that I think back to the day, I both remember opening Max's conversation inside the bakery with a half-eaten croissant in front of me, and reading it lying on my bad after just waking up from my nap. When I opened it to send the message that I had refined with Alda's comments, I expected it to be empty. Instead, I read a comment on a story that read:

"I've always wanted to ead dumplings naked with the girlfriends." 

"I know right. It would be the dream." 

"I feel like the people from the restaurant might not love the idea, tho." 

"Hmm, maybe not. Guess takeaways would have to be the way to go." 

I shared the conversation with Alda and she got excited for me. Do it again. Do it again! She told me.

We had thought about texting her Hey, you're cute. Why did we never go out? When I confirmed with her our idea, she started having doubts.

"Hmm, maybe rethink it."

Alda asked me if I was into the idea of going somewhere for coffee, maybe Café Olimpico. A couple of hours ago, Aliza also invited me to join her with Liana and Leo at their club de corazones rotos. While both ideas were tempted, I declined them.

Max's was the first text I sent. 

I muted the conversation so I wouldn't obsess over it. I didn't even care about the silence that would follow it, or the soft rejection that would come instead. It was just one small step towards a more important goal. 

Later in the afternoon, I sat on my couch with HIMYM playing in the television and I picked and edited the pictures I took back in October of Monica with the film camera. An old debate was to whether text Monica those pictures or directly asking her what had happened with us. This afternoon, I did both. 

Like Max's I muted the conversation and archive it. It was just another small step towards another goal. 

I don't remember which of them was the one who texted back first. 

I haven't opened either of the conversations. 

Hey! Funny stuff, there's this girl I'm getting fixated on so I made up a list of people and old friends whom I could text instead. Soo, how's life been treating you? 

I decided not to text that to the last girl of the list. I decided not to increase the number of people with whom I referred Sophie. 

With Alda, I talked briefly about the small portion of text I could read from the notification. I shared also that, despite all my efforts to do it, I was starting to feel doubts about doing my end-goal. 

"I think ph will miss you and might text you herself; or be very happy when you finally text her in like a week."

"Do you think?"

"Yeh, I do. I think she likes you."

I ordered myself the two burritos and, despite having the idea of leaving half of the meal for tomorrow, I ate them both. I might have acted impulsively, but, despite all of the texts I ended up sending today, I didn't send the one that I could have regretted the most. 

Now, I think it's time go back to my list and open up the messages that I got, regardless of how much I don't want to do it.

"Hey! Nice to hear from you! Yes, I'm really eager to see it!" Starts Valerie's text. "I'm ok, but I've been better. I just started a 3 week medical leave today for burnout. But I've booked a flight to Argentina for next November, so I'm pretty excited! I also thought about you since I bought hopscotch." She ended her text with an old wink emoji. 

"Heyy thanks so are you! I actually don't know lol", reads the notification from Instagram of Max's response. 

Monica, the hardest one to open, says: 

"Omg, te he querido escribir mil veces cuando veo algo o pasa algo pero me sentí como estorbo cuando fui contigo y se siente como si hubieras estado molesta conmigo. No te sentí muy contenta con mi presencia. Por ejemplo, parecías molesta cuando íbamos juntas en el metro. Sólo sonreías cuando veías tu teléfono—eso fue lo que más me dolió. O te molestaba si no me sabía qué camino tomar en el metro, me hacías examen y me incomodé mucho. God forbid I wanted a picture. O pareces turista, no sé, como si no fuera bienvenida o que lo que hiciera fuera de mal gusto." 

"I felt unwelcome and yet I missed you very very much these months and it still hurts." 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, March 25th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-25
Num Words: 1553
Num Minutes: 66

 Ne partez pas, j'vous en supplie restez longtemps. Ça me sauvera p't'être pas; non, mais faire sans vous j'sais pas comment. Aimez-moi comme on aime un ami qui s'en va pour toujours. Je veux qu'on m'aime, parce que moi, je sais pas bien aimer mes contours. 

-Voilà, Barbara Pravi.

I didn't reply to all of the girls I texted, but I did reply to some of them.

If I didn't have to finish 750 words to mark the day off in this stupid website, I might be tempted to leave it there. What else is there to say?

The first women I texted to, was Max.

"Thanks! And I guess we can still fix that."

Soon it's going to be 24 hours since she saw it. There hasn't been a response. Surprisingly, I am fine with it staying there. I might prefer it to the idea of her coming back to reject me, as gently as it might be.

Then, I moved on to Monica. I opened her text and read it. Feeling unwelcome and missing you so so much, were the only bits that I got from the archived notification. The complete idea of her messages could have been summarized in those two brief sentences.

How could I summarize the response I gave her?

Last night, I told her that I really did not expect—much less intended—of her passing such a bad time the week she stayed with me. I could see how I acted the way she did. Which proved my point in a way about how being around her makes me hate myself.

That short exchanged reminded me how, years ago, she would list me the reasons in which I had fallen short somehow which would lead me to enlist now to her, the different ways in she had hurt me. I tried to avoid that last night.

I finished saying how the friendship was hurting me and maybe it was better for the both of us to put an end to it.

I archived the conversation so I had no idea whether she had seen my message nor when.

I kept drinking. I had the second burrito that I was supposed to leave for today. I went to bed and fell asleep.

The first time I woke up it was around 4h. I came outside the room straight to the fridge. I grabbed the bottle of sparkling water and swallowed a big gulp of cold water. The taste was awful. I filled my gray metal bottle with tap water and drank half of it. I emptied my bladder and went back to my bed to continue sleeping. 

I know I dreamed something but I can't remember a single thing. 

I turned off the first alarm at 7h45. I pushed it off until 8h45 and then turned that off as well. I got out of bed at around 11h. 

I had considered going to the lab. That's what I told Aliza when I was at her house. She told me she would be going to hers as a way to distract herself with work. It sounded like a good idea. 

The excuse that kept me in bed for most of the morning was the e-mail Louis sent about being late to the Neuro meeting. He would join us after, but we could start it ourselves on Teams. I thought about having to take my laptop or the webcam and figuring out where to connect the headphones. 

I also still needed to finish with the Word documents for the submission of the Qrater article. Word on Linux is a mess. I could have worked on it during the weekend, but, as I told Aliza that same night, I try not to work on the weekends. It's a slippery slope where when I start working on weekends, I start slacking off during the week with the idea that I can remedy it on the off-days. This then leads me to feel stressed when I don't work those days either. When I least expect it, I end up feeling stressed about having to work 7 days a week. 

I skipped breakfast, which meant skipping the morning antipsychotics. 

I was supposed to go out to get groceries today. I have almost no food in my fridge anymore. 

I didn't feel like going outside. 

I did shower today. 

Not before the meeting, though. I connected on Teams at the supposed time. I was the only one from Louis' lab not at the MNI. That's not true, I think I saw Vicky's name as well. 

It was Alfonso's turn to present something. He showed this Chinese paper of the changes in CSF biomarkers up to 20 years before diagnosis of dementia. For some reason I was focused on his accent or lack therof. It got stronger when he got nervous. I think that happens to me, too. It was also how I noticed that Aliza was nervous when she presented at CCNA. 

I didn't pay much attention to the presentation given. I did not read the paper. I did not even turn my webcamera on. 

The talk started and ended and I got nothing out of it. Did Louis note my absence? 

Do I hope he did? 

I kept working on the Qrater submission. I finished updating the page and line numbers of the responses to the reviewers comments. When I was all done and ready to start the submission, I opened the e-mail that Louis had forwarded me from Justine. I read the instructions she had given us, which told us to base our submission on the author's guidelines of the journal. I never thought about checking the journal's guidelines. 

Fortunately, the first important change that needed to be done on the manuscript was to update the reference style from APA to AMA. I dreaded having to manually re-register the references one by one, but that ended up not being necessary. I went into the Zotero options within Word, and the document updated without many issues. 

The second change, putting all of the figures and tables inline with the text was harder and more time expensive. 

I was still working on that when I got the notifcation in the Whatsapp Windows application from Monica. Without opening the conversation, by just hovering my mouse over her name, I could read the entirety of her message without intention.

"Okay, me tomó digerirlo porque lo leí noche y toda con sueño y dejame ver... 

"En el primer párrafo dices que te odiabas a ti misma, pero no entiendo, ¿cómo eso se reflejó conmigo y con los demás no? En el último párrafo dices que no nos hacemos bien. ¿Cómo te he lastimado yo?—Realmente quiero saber en qué momento para no repetir lo que dije o algún comportamiento a lo mejor? 

"Ahora, ¿sentirte bien contigo misma en qué sentido? ¿Por qué nomás me lastimas a mi? ¿Por qué con otra gente estás bien? ¿Por qué con otros no tienes que romper amistad?  

"Respeto tu decisión ni intento cambiarla, será como tú quieres pero sólo quiero saber para darle sentido y no tener yo que andar pensando en razones que tal vez no son." 

I answered her in the best way I could. I feel tempted just to type now my long messages to her—which would help me complete the missing 300 words that I need to fix another missing day. 

I developed the idea of how she brings out the worst in me. I kept saying over and over that I hate myself. I mentioned my body and my weight. I talked about me interrupting her or talking over her. It only happened with her. And it happened, I noticed it. 

To Aliza I did mention the dysphoria, but in my messages with Monica I tried to stay as far away from that as possible. 

I briefly mentioned how I did wanted her to leave so I could get home and cut myself. I hesitated telling her how that was the last time that I did it, but it felt cruel making the point that I haven't done it since she was out of my life when I know very well that I have been tempted and that the rest of the times I did it, it had nothing to do with her. 

I talked briefly about therapy, specifically how it was about another relationship of mine that suddenly ended the moment I stopped reaching out, another lumber in the fire that is my abandonment issues; and, generally how I started seeing a new therapist. 

"I don't want you to think that I hate you, or that I think you're a bad friend. It's not even that I don't ever want to see you again nor I want you out of my life. For some reasons I can't explain, I hate myself more when I'm around you, sometimes even after talk. I thought it was only hurting me, but now I see I also hurt you with my actions. I have to deal with accepting myself and stop hating me, until then, maybe me being your friend is not healthy for either of us."

Tomorrow I am seeing Fabiola. 

In the evening I'll meet Aliza and Liana. 

Now, I'll just finish my glass of Vodka and go to bed. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 26th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-26
Num Words: 1671
Num Minutes: 73

"Lo siento, no hablo francés."

I am sitting at a table inside Thomson House. It is the same room where I described strangers after meeting Aliza. I glance in that direction and see the two people sitting in those tables. To my left, on the table where I met with Sophie on Valentine's day, there is a guy clicking on his mouse while working on his laptop.

I asked one of the two men sitting to my right to watch my stuff while I went to the restroom to check if the stench of shit that I keep smelling was coming from me.

I postponed the alarms again. I didn't want to get up nor stop dreaming. I can't remember a single detail of my dreams, yet I am convinced they were better than this reality.

I showered and put on some clothes. I am wearing the pants that I bought from Sonny. I am also wearing a blue long sleeve shirt, on the first women's items of clothing that I bought almost a decade ago. It's boxy and comfortable and it says boyfriend style on the label.

I went to the pharmacy first to pick up my hormones. There is not much to tell about that interaction. I got in, I asked for them by giving my name, payed and denied needing a bag.

On the same street, I made a stop at the bakery. I ordered the usual stuff and a large latte. I had to clarify that I want them to eat in place. I grabbed a table but I did not stay for long.

I thought I was doing alright with the effects of the antipsychotics, but I am starting to feel them just now a quarter of the day after.

I had my kindle with my in the bakery, but the story didn't grab my attention for long.

I got back home with an hour to spare before my session with Fabiola.

I sat down and logged to Zoom punctually. I was not bothered by the 5 minutes I waited for her to connect. I've gotten used to waiting for Calli.

In the morning, a bit after getting out of bed, I got the notifications of Alda's message. She was telling me that despite eating the numerous lindt chocolates during the weekend, she was doing quite well with the slimming plan. She was 76.9kg this morning.

I thought about these past few days, the increasing amount of alcohol, the several take-out orders. Just now I am considering walking to the bar and getting myself a pint of beer. The only thing stopping me is the social embarrasment of being the only person drinking at 14h.

"I won't weight myself until the 1st but I think I might be 80-81", I replied to her.

"I'll probably text ph today", I added as a PS.

I did end up weighting myself—less than I was expecting, at 79.15 kg—and I haven't send any texts.

Just after finishing this last sentence I grabbed my phone and considered replying to Héloïse's response. Last night—or was it the day before?—I replied to Valerie and she agreed that we should hang out soon. She would go see the movie we talked about and would let me know her thoughts.

Reaching out to old friends—are they really friends if all of those relatinships started as potentially romantic?—didn't work out as well as I was expecting. The closest that did it was Max's response, which led to nowhere.

That list as defense mechanism to my own crush-driven impulses was one of the two main topics I was one of the two things I wanted to talk about with Fabiola.

Our session started by her asking me how I had been. I lied and said well. I could have mentioned the late abuse of alcohol, but I didn't think of it.

I told her how sometimes I don't know what to talk about in session; I can't seem to pick a subject important enough to dedicate my therapy to it. This was not one of those times. I had identified two themes, probable interconnected with each other, that I wanted to touch. I just couldn't decide between them.

She instructed me to take my time, see how I felt, and which one—or both—of the subjects did I want to board.

I started talking about this girl I've been gone on a couple of dates with. I told what has happened since mid December. The first conversation, her asking me out on the first date, and me reaching out again when I came back weeks later. I talked about the first cancellations and the encouraging although intermittent texts. I broached the second short date on the table to my left where now there's a guy and a girl sharing a plate of nachos, and finally mentioned my latest attempt of finishing my crush by asking her out a last time fully expecting a no for an answer, but which resulted in a last encounter that was even better than the first one.

I feel pathetic by just summarizing this past few months, by how much I am still fixated on this person. Calli would make me be aware of how I am back to my old habit of harshly judging myself and distancing myself from my own feelings.

I am not the first person who has ever had a crush on a stranger.

Am I gonna try to reach the 1500 words needed to fix the several days that I did not write?

Sophie warned me during our date that the next two weeks would be very busy . Fabiola noticed that, according to the timeline of my own narration of the events, those two weeks have already passed.

At this point I mentioned the list of people I could reach out instead and how in that list was Monica.

I then summarized as briefly as possible what has happened with Monica since her visit to Montréal this past Autumn.

The woman with short hair that was sitting at the table in front of me who left 15 minutes ago just came back and was going to sit on the table to my right. She put her backpack on the chair and her helmet on the table. She didn't take her green windbreaker off before she gathered her stuff and left again. Did she leave because of me? 

There are now a group of people who got to the table. 

I talked about Monica's visit, I described as best as I could the feelings of self-hate and inadequacy that rose during her stay, I mentioned how our conversation after her departure felt different and my initial attempt to break the silence by asking her how she was doing after not hearing from her for a couple of weeks.

I told her that the day she left, it was the last time that I've cut myself. 

She asked me how Monica was. 

I blanked. I could not answer her at all. 

"¿Tienen cosas en común?"  

I couldn't not answer that either. 

In those brief moments, Monica felt so far away and untoachable that for a minute I might have even forgotten her face. 

I cried. I cried so much that I felt a bit empty when the tears finally stopped coming out. 

When I thought about those two subjects, I made the connection that these issues were with me ending the connection with the first girl I kissed and dreading that a connection will never start with the last girl I kissed. 

I told Fabiola the important detail that was missing from my narration, how it was that Monica and I met, how our relationship was not always platonic. 

"Ese es un detalle importante." 

I don't remember if it was me or her that brought up the possibility that her being from my past could be one of the reasons that I felt the way I did. I told her that other than my family, I don't have any other connection to my life as a man. 

She asked me, then, about my friendships with people from high school, from college. 

I follow Manuel and Alan on Instagram. The former has recently finished his oncology residency in Mexico City and is now back in Tijuana. The latter is married, I suppose, and has now one or two children. I haven't talked to them in years. 

I stopped following all of the members of the team of 7, except Anahí. Paola A's Diego must be now in the middle of elementary school. Eusebio and Jessica are married, I have no idea if having children is in their plans for their near future. Catherine must have finished her degree by now. I haven't talked to them, including Anahí, in years either. 

When I was building my list, neither of their names ever came as potential people I would like to reach out to. 

I don't think my name comes up in their minds.

When my session ended, I put on some make up and came to Thomson House to work for a bit before the evening.

In Jarry station, I saw an old man talking to a girl with short hair wearing a beanie. I passed them and sat on a bench. The man came and with him a stench of feces or decay, both of them sat next to me. After a moment, he touched me on the arm. I didn't put down my headphones and lied to him in Spanish that I didn't speak French. 

I changed from the orange line to the green one. I decided not to seat. 

When I got off at Peel, another person approached me on the street. I took off my headphones. In English he asked me if I could spare any dollars for food. This time I just walked away without lying. 

When I came to Thomson House, I felt like the stench had followed me here. 

Maybe I deserve it.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, March 27th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-27
Num Words: 1720
Num Minutes: 78

"Never asked you—did you ever get to try out Trauma Bonding(TM) the drinking game?"

Aliza texted me yesterday's afternoon to let me know they were on their way to Church. I had already paid my bills, so I just finished the pint of cider that I had with my burger and went on my way to catch the 107 bus.

I could have probably taken the metro instead and made it to the pub much earlier. The bus was delayed a couple of minutes. I stayed on the bus stop watching the people walking downhill and repressing the thought that it was around 45 minutes too late for me to coincidentally encounter anyone getting out of their job.

The bus rode the traffic of Montréal downtown and left me across the street from Church. Aliza's message half an hour earlier had told me that they were downstairs. The main area seemed empty and I didn't find them, so I assumed she meant they were in the back where the pool table is.

The first person I saw was Mahsa, standing behind the people sitting on the chairs across the black couch. She recognized me and everyone said Hi. Liana was sitting in one of those chairs. I think Amelie was to her side. Walter was sitting on the edge of the couch. Vlad was in the back playing pool with somebody.

Mahsa told me to leave my stuff at the table they had taken on the other end of the room.

I sat on the corner. When Yashar came to say hi, for some reason I stood up. Was I waiting for a hug or a hand-shake?

"Why did you get up?"

They had just finished ordering their food and the waitress was leaving. I quickly thought on my feet.

"Oh, no reason... well, I am not going to eat, so I can stand."

Someone asked me why I was not eating. I made a comment about my late lunch at Thomson.

People had their food at the coffee table in front of the couch. On the table, we played an over-sized version of jenga. Mahsa, Liana, Roya, and Walter made comments about how easy I made it seem.

Why did their comments make me uncomfortable?

I almost wanted to mess up on purpose. I kept expecting to suddenly tear down the tower and everyone's high expectations of me.

The waitress came back with a guy asking us in French which of the two spaces we were going to keep. Liana had said since the very beginning that we should move to the tables. The guy was going to record a Podcast with three other people. After a bit of discussing it within the group, everyone took their plates with them to a chair of the tables.

Since earlier in the afternoon, I had resigned myself that I would send the text to Sophie. It was time to end things. As soon as I had come to terms with my own impulses, I started feeling nervous about it. I was—even now—not ready to let this fantasy go.

While I was sitting down at the corner of the bar, talking about movies with Yashar and Aliza, I looked at my phone and saw the time. The appropriate window of sending a text after work was closing down. I put the phone down and gave them my two options for favourite movie.

The pitchers kept coming.

They picked up the Jenga game, but the tower fell before the turn to go came back to me.

Liana seemed upset that the conversation turned into a Lab meeting, when they started proposing people to fit the role of most something. Someone came up with the idea of turning it around and fitting the adjective to the person, but then the game died. At this point I knew that Liana had invited the full CoBraLab to her birthday—the same Lab that is larger than Aliza's and mine combined—and not a single person had come.

Roya invited me to play pool with them. I was on Aliza's team and we played against Walter and Amelie.

"Wey, quiero tanto alburear a Amelie, pero no sé cómo hacerlo en inglés.", Aliza told me after Amelie said something.

"It's OK, I know you don't have much experience with sticks." I told Aliza after her turn when she missed her shot.

Amelie heard me and she laughed.

"Sofía, jugabas mucho pool en Tijuana?", Walter asked me on my turn before I took the shot.

"Ah", he answered himself after it.

We lost after I socked the 8-ball. For some reason, it felt much better being bad at a game.

I finished the 750 words and last night has still not ended. I guess I can push it to the 1500. Does this have anything to do with the fact that I told myself I would not open the messages app nor start worrying about replying back until after I finished with these words?

The night was not much longer.

Vlad was the first to leave. He came back half an hour later because he had forgotten his backpack.

Zacky and Walter then stood up announcing they were gonna go. Aliza told everyone she had ordered dessert for everyone. They stayed for around another half an hour. I finally tried the fried oreos.

Mahsa, Roya, and Liana were really drunk. Later that night, when I was waiting for the bus with Aliza and Liana, Aliza told Liana how with me it's not very obvious when I am drunk. I confessed to them that I was already tipsy when I arrived in the afternoon from Thomson House.

For one moment while everyone was still there, Roya stood on my side and put her arm around my shoulders. Surrounded by her warmth, I kept jumping between feeling very relaxed and really tense.

I took a look at phone, but I haven't opened the conversation at the top, nor any of the other ones with notification dots next to their names.

Liana, Aliza, and I were the last ones to leave after everyone paid for their bills. Mahsa and Yashar paid for three of the pitchers. I didn't have any food, so I just paid for a fourth of a pitcher. The three of us stayed for a bit while they finished their last glasses.

We are going dancing this Saturday. I asked Aliza about it this morning when I told her my suspicions that Vlad had not paid after noticing how Amelie paid for the four shots they took. We're going to someplace close to station Mt-Royal around 21h. When Aliza told me she saw Vlad pay.

"No puedo acordarme de otra vez pero siento que no ha sido la primera vez que nos cobran de más." 

"Cuando estaba Ali aquí y fuimos con unas brasileñas." 

"Gala night, ya me acordé. Cuando iba con vestido negro y todo." 

I thought I could wear that dress again Saturday.

We left the bar early and waited for the bus around 15 minutes. I rode it with Liana and we left Aliza on the corner of L'Eglise and Verdun.

I made it home without sending the text. It was too late to send anything or to have dinner. I had my hormones pill without the antipsychotics.

I did have some dinner later. I made use of the buy 1, get 2 offer from A&W and got myself two beyond burgers and fries. I had the intention to leave the second burger for this morning's pills—I even put it in the fridge—, but I had it 5 minutes after finishing the first one. Similarly to today's text at luch time, I regretted it moments after the first bite when it was already too late.

I was not as drunk as Aliza's labmates or co-supervisor.

This morning I was just tired. I know I dreamed something interesting, worthy of having written about it, but I have forgotten all about it.

I had my coffee despite getting out of bed at 11h.

"I haven't texted ph yet and I had given myself permission to do it today, but it's getting late." I texted last night to Alda when I was at Church.

"Yeah, I think just get it done with at this point." She replied back later in the night.

She added a picture of a page from the investment book she's reading in French, on which the author cites a book from a nurse in a paliative care unit mentioning the top 5 regrets expressed by her patients. Alda noted down the third one, which read J'aurais voulu avoir le courage d'exprimer mes sentiments. 

I know I am going to be sad. I told Fabiola that the most frustrating thing about all of this, is that I am sure that, no matter what happens, everything is going to end in disappointment for me and I can't seem to do anything about it.

I propose Alda to go get drunk at Bifteck and eat wings at pizza pizza.

After getting an e-mail from Louis notifying me he was going to raise our salaries—he'll pay me 32k, even more than what the IPN suggests—, I told Alda that I would pay for it.

"BTW, do we have to wait 'till she breaks your heart to go to bifteck?"

"It's going to happen soon; probably by next weekend at the latest (not passover's, the other one)."

I told her what I had texted and argued my case further.

"1. She won't reply by next weekend: we drink.

"2. She's like Hey Sofía, sorry about not reaching out. I don't think there's a romantic connection, bla bla bla: we drink.

"3. She says Yes or No. I say Wanna come over one of these days and play with a bottle of wine? And then, either option 1 or 2 happens: we drink."

Alda said OK and then proposed going to the brewery by my house before that.

"Ya mandé el mensaje y tengo un   6   grandote arriba de mi app de mensajes de otras mujeres—incluyendo mi mamá—, pero tengo ansiedad de abrirla." I texted Aliza today.

The number is still 6. Sophie's is still the only conversation without a blue dot from the 5 ones in there. The message is still unseen.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 28, 2024
Date: 2024-03-28
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28529456



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 29th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-29
Num Words: 1513
Num Minutes: 46

 You will be shocked, kids, when you discover how easy it is in life to part ways with people forever. That’s why, when you find someone you want to keep around, you do something about it. 

-Ted; How I met your mother. 

Yesterday it was the first time that I had gone to the lab in quite a while. I can't even remember the last time. I took the 24 bus and walked up Rue Aylmer all the way to the entrance of the gymnaseum parking lot. There is still work going on Av des Pins. 

"Long time no see!" Said Vlad when I got into the office and put my backpack on the chair.

"How are you? " Asked me Neda with a concerned look on her face while I was taking my denim jacket off. "Are you good?"

Am I really?

I sat down in front of my desk. I put the blue brain they gave me at the CCNA conference next to the purple one from The Neuro, and got to work. I waited a little bit before taking the sandwich I made myself at home for breakfast and nibble on it in order to take my pills.

I had scheduled the meeting with Isabel at 15h. I decided against bringing the laptop, so I hoped to catch free the videoconference booth in the Atrium. Neda told me how Louis had sent Daniel, Mohammedreza, and her a separate e-mail about definitely scheduling a meeting with Isabel. They all would connect with her at 15h30.

I went to the office for my 1-on-1 with Louis. We talked about scheduling my committee meeting before this summer. He sent me a screenshot of his calendar for the latest weeks of May. We talked about Isabel, and how she could work on Mediotemporal Lobe segmentation with super resolution and deep learning.

"But, I can leave that project for you if you want it," he continued. "Really, I am more than happy to keep paying you for another year or two."

We talked briefly about my plans for the future.

When our meeting ended, I had enough time to come back to the office and grab my headphones and water bottle. The booth was empty and I met Isabel.

I couldn't think of things to ask her. Our 30-minute videcall lasted 15 minutes.

Vlad, Mohammedreza, Neda, and Daniel—the last one remotely from his apartment—met Isabel. I was just out of the screen. A couple of times I just waved my hand in the camera's view—like when Isabel asked if there was anyone with a medical or biological background.

When the call ended Neda went out with Madhie and Vlad to pick up his glasses for the sun eclipse next week. I stayed chatting with Mohammedreza. He was telling me about the TAs manifestations. I thought both of Amelie, since she also made mention of it at CCNA, and Sophie, because of her union work.

I keep deleting and restoring conversations. Deleting the conversation with the last message was a mistake. Had I been able to see that my last message the morning after our encounter remained unopened I would not have sent anything further. Had I a margin of reference of how long it took her to open the last one, I would have avoided the anxiety that is that this last one will stay ignored.

I must let this go. This is clearly not working for me.

I wanted to end this. That was the whole point of reaching out one last time. Her silence should be the signal that this has come to a natural end.

I was just expecting that, even in rejection, it wouldn't have come to an end like this.

At around 17h, I decided to come home. I walked the way to station Sherbrooke. There were more people in the station than usual. A train in direction to Côte-vertu had its doors open. The voice from the speakers announced la interruption du service until 17h45.

Then it was to 18h, which then became 18h15. I think the last one was 18h30.

During the wait, I got a text from María. She had just gotten plans for the weekend, but we could meet that evening at a bar that might be around my area. I confirmed without hesitation. I could meet them there around 22h.

The metro started working again. The train that was already there closed its doors and left the station. Two other trains would  follow it in that direction before mine arrived. It came full. Two years living in Mexico City made it easy to find a way to make myself fit. 

I got home but I can't remember what I did until the afternoon. I probably finished watching How I met your mother.  

I grabbed the 193 bus that people get in line in front of station Jarry to take. I would need to get off and take the 10 towards east. The app kept changing itineraries as it guesses if I were going to be able to do the transbordation or not. 

I did.  

I  joined them in the bar and met her boyfriend. I felt uncomfortable for a bit speaking in Spanish, but it went away fast enough. 

They paid for my beer. 

When we said our good-byes, María told me to visit them whenever I went to Spain. I really considered it. It's been 10 years since the last time I was over there. She hugged me and we parted in opposite directions. 

This time I would also need to take two buses. The first got delayed enough that the app was sure that I would not be able to catch the second in time. Since I hadn't spend any money, I decided to take an Uber home. I ordered it to take me to the A&W close to my house. 

I remember now that I did eat a salad before leaving the house in the evening. I did not take my pills because of the fear that I would struggle with its effects before the bar, just as I am doing right now. 

The Uber picked me up. The driver asked me if I had ordered share after she was instructed to pick someone else up on her way. I confirmed and asked her if she knew if she was going to pick him up from the right or the left, but I don't think I made myself be well understood. 

He got in and spoke in English. 

They left me in front of the burger place. This time, instead of getting a beyond burger, I ordered a chicken one. It was still warm when I got home after 5 or 7 minutes of walking. 

Last night, before meeting with María and Guille, I talked with Alda about drinking on Sunday. I want to get really drunk. I offered of going to bifteck and eating wings at pizza pizza. Because it will be Easter, I am not sure the places will be open. I could also buy a bottle of amaretto and grapefruit juice, I offered her. 

She proposed to invite Vero and Aliza. I did invited Aliza.

"Hey, I'm totally not getting ahead of myself after just 24h of waiting for the reply of a text, but do you wanna join me and Alda for the occasion of me getting shitfaced this Sunday for completely no reason and definitely not because of a girl I went on three dates with?" 

With Veronica, it's not that I don't want her to join us. I feel embarrased about the reason that I want to drink. 

"So, le prometí a Liana el karaoke, pero avísame su plan y yo les voy diciendo cómo voy,"  said Aliza. 

"Sí, si no se arma, no worries—me das excusa de hacer v2.0 con el broken hearts club," I answered, "pero ya quiero que sea closure de beber y de mi crush así que please sí ven. Quiero empedarme al punto que no me queden ganas de volver a tomar ni de tener crushes." 

After my burger and my pills, I went to bed at around 2-3h

This morning I got up just to drink my coffee and had a peanut butter toast breakfast. I went back to take a nap. 

I fell asleep considering the idea of proposing to hook up to Jerica, the girl I went on a 9h date at Canal Lachine almost a year ago. The only reason that I didn't despite being fully aware that it was a horrible idea was that I have deleted her phone number from my phone. 

Even though I had just masturbated a bit before my nap, I had a sensations-only dream in which a body-less person was having sex with me. 

My plan was to not get back into the dating apps until summer or when I weighted 72kg. 

I downloaded both tinder and hinge. I recreated the accounts in both. 

I have deleted the applications again, but the accounts remain open gathering the judgemental views of strangers. 



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March 30th, 2024
Date: 2024-03-30
Num Words: 778
Num Minutes: 357

"A ver, una cosa es voy a estar ocupada y no te voy a buscar. Otra es  ahorita estoy ocupada, pero respondo cuando tenga un rato. Y otra es paso días sin contestar. Aunque conteste este mensaje, ¿cuántas veces se puede repetir este ciclo?" 

I have around 20 minutes to finish today's entry before I need to leave to catch the 30 bus. I am all changed and ready, it's just a matter of peeing, putting on my jacket and boots, grabbing my pills, and heading out.

I don't think I will be able to do it.

I had sleep paralysis again. It had to do with DC characters and a movie theater. I was going to be put on through psychological trauma and I couldn't move nor wake up. It didn't last too long.

After that, I continued dreaming about my family. It had something to do with having my kids—me not being able to—and my mother somehow being unsupportive of my transition. She used my deadname in the dream.

The last person who said it outloud was Monica. She referred to a moment in the past and, I guess, was not familiar with it being a faux pas. 

I got out of bed at around noon. I did not have coffee, just breakfast. After it, I returned to bed.

I have been going back to the apps. I know they favour new members. While I don't have any matches on hinge, 4 people have liked my profile. On Tinder, I have 5 matches. Just now I was talking with Jay.

In her bio she stated that she was looking for good times. I asked her about it. She was the first person to ever reply back in Tinder. She talked about going on dates or having respectfully hookups. She threw back the question at me.

"Myself, while I'm not closed to the idea of dating and seeing what develops, being completely open, I reopened tinder after a dating break with casual sex in mind."

She confessed that she was also leaning into the casual sex aspect and invited me to keep chatting in there or moving on to meet in person.

I can't do it. I'll continue when I get back.  I'm home again.

I really considered ordering another buy-1-get-1-free burgers from A&W and try to have the second one for breakfast tomorrow, but managed to control myself. I can just skip the pills.

Before leaving the house I was talking with Jay on the app. I told her I was trans and she reassured me that it was not a dealbreaker for her—her profile stated she was pansexual—but she did want to know what that meant for me sexually.

We were in the middle of our sexual conversation when a notification popped up on the top of my screen. As soon as I saw the cat, I took a screenshot of it.

"Hey! I did not—to be honest I have not been doing super well physically since..."

I apologized to Jay about getting distracted and I continued answering her questions.

I considered telling her that I could meet her tonight after the bar. She told me that we could meet later, after Tuesday would work better for her.

I grabbed the 30 bus. Aliza texted me a picture of her conversation with Liana where Aliza lets her know that she has arrived and Liana answers that she's still at her house. I was a just a couple of stops behind.

I got to the bar. Aliza was talking with some men outside the door. The bar was closed and it wouldn't open until 22h. The guy she was talking to was a French man who knew how to speak Spanish.

Aliza and I went into a tapas bar and got some food and drinks waiting for Liana. We asked for a table for three people. They host asked us if we had a reservation but sat us anyway. Liana arrived with two of her friends a quarter before 22h. They sat with us while I payed for our things.

We danced in the bar to rock music. I liked it and had fun.

Several times I would grab my phone with the intention of opening the message and reading it fully. I think the first time it was at the tapas place next door—it might also had been after ordering my beer—when I opened the notifications and couldn't help not reading further than what the first notification had showed me.

Why am I so scared of reading her rejection if I was more than ready to drink tomorrow for the occasion of letting her go?

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 31, 2024
Date: 2024-03-31
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 28538002



