------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-01
Words:   779
Minutes: 152

I’m on the couch in the living room. I’m watching the squid game with Alda. I had told myself I would not either spend any money or drink. Yet, I am drunk. I spent around 15 dollars on snacks and a cider. 

She just went to her room to roll a joint. I’m glad she did. Not because I could write faster, but because I really want to get more high. 

We returned and continue watching the movie. I’m high right now. I’m not sure how drunk I am. I had a cocktail with amaretto, then my cider and another cocktail double. Alda hasn’t touched her second one. 

I had lots of dreams. I don’t remember most of them. They had to do with my family, but I can’t recall almost anything. I discarded the idea of going out with the camera as soon as I put my feet on the floor. I didn’t even fool myself with the idea that I could go later in the afternoon. After all, it’s my last day off. 

I reheated my bowl of rice and sausages and went to watch that soapy teenager drama series. I put it on only because I knew there was a trans character. I’ve been having the need of watching myself in something. That’s why I downloaded those movies the other time. The story of wolfboy. Something like that. 

I feel hungry now. Even though I I ate more than I he planned   

I kept thinking about the flight. I really didn’t want to call. I can’t pinpoint the reason why. I looked at other airlines. Other dates. I found another one even cheaper. Direct, too. It was a Monday, though. I sent a message to Sonny about it. Was it like with my mum where I wanted to be subtle and indirectly asking for their help?  If I were to buy that flight. I’d have to sleep a couple of nights with Sonny. 4 extra nights. It sounds like a lot, but it’s not that many knowing the fact that I’ve spent more at her house. And she was like a month in mine. 

I bought it. Even though it’s a Monday flight, I could even hide it from Louis if I wanted to. Just use the iPad in a very neutral place in our one to one meeting and skip the social one. For the ones next week I could take them in my parents house. By them I’m sure I’d have mentioned it to him that I’d like to travel and visit my parents. 

Just now I realized that we would be busy on the 21st, a Monday. I would need an excuse for that. I’ll figure it out later. Now that I have the flight there I’m starting to get excited. Two months from now. 

I stood and went to the toilet. Alda asked me if I wanted her to pause the movie. I said no. When I returned she paused it to look for her phone. 

Why don’t I want to go get groceries? I almost have no food left. I have some cereal and milk. I have some pasta and cans of tomatoes. There is a lot of chicken in the freezer and rice in the counter. I have a package of ramen. 

I can survive another couple of days. Why don’t I want to do anyrhing? First it was the photo days. Now it’s buying food. What if Monday I don’t want to go to the lab?  I have to. The building department said that it’d be the day when they’ll be testing the fire alarm. It’s also when they’re going to start taking off the ACs. I don’t really want to be in here when they do that. Since I moved, one of the lightbulbs in my room is being turning on intermittently. Why haven’t I sent an email for them to replace it? 

It’s going to be the weekend. I asked Alda when the Dune movie is coming out, in a subtle way of inviting her to go see it. Yesterday I saw that the venom movie is out. I considered buying a ticket, but I don’t feel like going alone. Even though is not that different to when I drink alone, I really liked tonight. We’re still sitting on the couch watching the series. We didn’t talk much, yet I feel a little less lonely than this morning. 

When I woke up and saw Neto’s message, I read this tweet about the trans and nb in academia workshop. Did I talk about Neto’s message? Why didn’t I sent the tweet author a message asking them for the 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-02
Words:   751
Minutes: 40

I don't know exactly what it is about today, but it feels gray and dark. I haven't gone out of the apartment. Last night I wrote the words in my phone. Alda sent me a text earlier that day asking if I wanted to do something. Before I agreed, she continued saying we could go somewhere or stay, drink here and watch something. We ended up doing the latter. She rolled a joint and asked me to join her. Out in the balcony, I proposed that we could go to the depanneur close to the house and buy some snacks. We got chocolates, grapefruit juice, and I got a can of cider for myself. We continued watching the Squid Games. We mixed the grapefruit juice with amaretto. It wasn't that strong, but I did feel a little bit drunk. We went outside and smoked again later that night before Armando got home. She mentioned how she was for sure going to want to stay here and renew the lease for next year. Until she said it, I hadn't really thought about it. 

What will happen when I decide to move? What would happen if she didn't want to renew it?
Am I feeling anxious again? At least she mentioned how she wants to renew it. It won't happen next year. Time goes by so fast. In two months Armando is going to move to Vancouver. I guess soon he will post an ad about looking for someone to take his room. It is the cheapest one and not that smaller. I guess it shouldn't take long before he -us?- find someone. 

I have bought the plane ticket. I'll be leaving to Mexico in a direct flight the second week of december. Monday night, I think. Evening. The plane departs at 1845. I guess I should be leaving as soon as the Mondays' meeting ends. Earlier this year I was desperate for coming here, and now I am excited about going back. Is it because I did end up missing my family? 

These past few days I started worrying if my mum would tell me if anything happens to Nymeria. Reading the journal entries of those early years made me feel so conscious about my past and what has happened. 

Yesterday, in the morning, I woke up to several notifications of Neto. I had messages from him in Instagram and was also added to this messenger group. It was his birthday, but his messages had nothing to do with that. The ones from instagram were about asking how I've been doing and sharing with me an ad he saw about activism in Mexico. The messenger group was called botellon. It had several of the people I met in Salamanca, and some that I never did. In them I recognized Pablo, Consuela, a couple of the italians and Nina. In the members there was also Caio, but he didn't send any message. Neto is moving to the UK to do a master's and was considering planning some sort of reunion in Italia. 

Pablo posted the idea about reuniting in Salamanca, but maybe it was better to leave it until the 10th year anniversary. What was it in that message that moved me so much? Was it the time? Imagining myself going back to Spain, and Salamanca specifically, well, as me? 

One of the nights that I wandered around drunk and menlancholic, I fantasized so much about returning. From all the reunions that I can think about, that one is the one I'd actually consider going to. 

I feel no interest in seeing the people from my university, nor from my highschool. Absolutely not the people from junior high. What is it from that moment in life that calls me back?

I decided on my name in a bus trip, looking out the window to the landscapes of Spain. Was it the trip to Valencia? I might have written about that moment in the journal. Not this one, though. If it is, it's in the one that Catherine gifted me. That's where I transcripted the notes from my phone. 

Is this my home now? This apartment, this room? Why doesn't feel like it?

Tomorrow I should go and buy some food. Monday I must go to the lab. I don't want to be here either for when the fire alarm goes off, or if they decide to come uninstall the ACs.

Lately, I've been having that feeling so much: not wanting to be here. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-03
Words:   850
Minutes: 55

I had put on this website that I'd try again the monthly challenge of writing everyday. As a reward for successfully clearing the challenge, I put in there that I would treat myself with a pizza night. The last couple of days, I've been craving it a lot. In the morning, thinking about the amount of food and money, I usually make up my mind and decide not to order it. This day, I had set the goal to get out of the apartment and go buy some groceries. 

I did both. 

Just now, I grabbed the phone and had this urge to look into Instagram. Just put the names of the people that I've muted and see if there's anything new. Why do I look for them if I've muted them? I really don't want to talk about them today. 

Yesterday I didn't really know what to do with my last days off. I rebooted my PC and logged into Windows. Somehow I decided to try again that game that I apparently had downloaded some years ago. Steins;Gate. I knew about it after playing Katawa Shoujo. How many years ago was this? Easily more than 10. I must have been in High School. No. Maybe I was in the first year of university. I remember being tempted to tell Anahi about it? 

It doesn't matter. 

I knew two things about the game. It had to do with Time Travel and it has a trans woman as a character. Who was treated horribly by the writers. Of course. 

I hated it. Well, kind of. I couldn't stand the main character. I mean, the game is a dating simulator, which I guess I am not the intended public to start with. But, I don't know, I couldn't stand too much of it. When I got to the trans character and how it was continously misgendered by the main character and treated as a joke. 

Was that the reason that I read about this other anime? Wonder egg priority. I've just finished it. It also has a trans character. Well, kind off. "All but outly stated", was the comment of the redditor that recommended it. They also said that it had some issues and should be watched with a critical eye. I didn't care, I just wanted some representation. I am desperate to seeing someone like myself. 

It was... fine. 

It was never outly stated that Momoe was actually trans herself, but there were several signs that are very recognizable. What cis tomboy actually cries after being seen as a boy? It hurt a little that I could see myself in her wet face asking the protagonist "What do I look like to you?"

I watched half of the season yesterday and left the rest for today. I thought I could order some pizza, and buy some ciders and watch it. And that I did. 

I woke up around noon, again. Armando was cleaning the apartment, as it is his turn. I hesitated before going out of my room and taking a shower. I don't really remember how much it took me. 

I did shower eventually. I'm wearing the gray hoodie that Nymi ate its pocket and a black pair of leggings. I went to buy food. On the way there Armando sent a message telling us that he'll post the ad offering the room soon. He's also going to sell his stuff but wanted to tell us if we wanted to buy them from him. It's the pots and pans, the glasses and dishes, basically almost everything from the kitchen and some stuff from our bathroom. There was some stuff that I'd actually like to see leaving, but some that it'd be convenient to keep. I told him that I would love to buy some stuff from him, but he blew it off and said that he'd prefer to sell us everything for around 130 dollars. If he'd still have to offer the stuff, he'd rather sell everything for a higher price. I posted that I'd wait to hear Alda's thoughts. I thougth about the internet and how if she didn't want it, I would certainly hate to pay the full amount myself for a bunch of, practically, thrash.

I had said to him that, personally, I was only interested in a handful of things, so maybe it would be better for everyone if he puts them up for sale and I buy the stuff I want myself new. Alda seemed to agree with me. His stuff is not of that good quality, and although she'd love to help him, the price he's asking is way too high. She told him that she's a little short on money, but she might buy some stuff from him, anyway.

He seemed a little salty and even said that he might ship everything to BC and sell it there. 

Later he asked us if he preferred that the new roommate is a girl or if we don't mind. I answered first that yes, a girl, preferably. 

Will she have a problem living with me? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-04
Words:   811
Minutes: 37

When was the last time that I had seen Sonny, even on a screen? It's been a while, for sure. 

Like other times, when she called me I was irritated. I hung up soon after becasue I was just seeing one of the videos of the cohost that showed up with Jared on Youtube. He was talking about Evangelion and the hedgehog's dilemma. His wife is a Lacanian psychoanalist, and I recognized some of the ideas that he shared in Jared's video. Sonny's usual MO was to call me, and as soon as I was convinced to talk, at least for a while, just minutes after that she called me in the first place, she doesn't answer anymore. I end up suspending what I was doing in the first place. I thought it was going to happen the same thing. I counted 4 minutes after I told her to call me and sent her a message with an ellipsis. She misunderstood the message as her iphone telling her that I was writing. We laughed about it and talked close to half an hour. 

Did I talk about yesterday's event with Armando and his stuff? He said he would be taking the stuff to take pictures of it for the ads. He's leaving in two months. He took some of the stuff to his room. I guess he's being a little bit salty. Maybe he wants to punish us in a way for not wanting his things. I thought about sending Alda a message telling her that maybe we should go soon to Dollarama to pick up some dishes. Whatsapp has being down most of the day. Facebook and Instagram, too. Curiously, today was the day that I've been 'most' productive. 

Not really productive, as I haven't really advanced much in my work. Yet, I've been working most of the day, since around 8 or 9 am until 6 pm. 

Yesterday I thought that I should get up early and go to the lab. I didn't want to be home today for the fire alarm testing, and possibly their taking of the ACs. Yesterday I ordered the pizza and fries and finished the anime. I was so invested in the 'trans-coded' character, that it literally hurt the disappointment, that it never really got explicitly stated that she's trans. It's been years since I've heard the term headcanon. Especially in the context of LGBT representation. Am I just now this need of seeing someone with whom I can relate? 

Maybe it has to do with the alienation characteristic of this late times. 

There were some poeple who were really convinced that she was not trans. She was __obviously__ a cis girl, just a tomboy. To them, it was idiotic to think otherwise. Silly people who are looking for stuff that is not there. How dare they take her from me? As I told Monica, it's so hard to find someone to which I can relate. 

Before I was conscious of what was going on with me, I remember being fixated on those gender-bender mangas. Yesterday I got to one that I remember reading so long ago. This person who's hit by an alien spaceship and changed into a girl. Then she finds herself in some love triangle. Reading it now, there are some themes that seemed familiar. I felt uncomfortable writing that last sentence as the memory of being lost between Catherine and Monica when I myself was just learning how to be a girl. 

I don't know if it's the hurt that comes with the memories or if that sentences is actually as pathetic as I feel it is, but I literally cringed after writing it.

The first real and explicit transgender representation that I met was Horo Musuko, or wandering son. It wasn't relieving nor illuminating. It was awkward and uncomfortable. It hurt. A lot. I'm not sure, but I think I actually had to abandon it the first time and didn't return to it until months later. I'd like to say, even if roughly, how long ago it was, but honestly I have no idea. It could had been in high school. Maybe it was later, when I was in college and figuring out myself. I honestly don't know. 

Yesterday I considered going back to it, but it was too much and I easily discarded the idea. 

It was two weeks ago when I didn't sleep the whole night. It was teh night before my apointment with Calli. Last night, again, I didn't sleep. I got up around 5 or 6 and made myself a cup of coffe. I watched the episode of Y: The Last Man —another comic that I read maybe a decade ago— and then got to work.

I feel tired now. Maybe I should make use of this oportunity and try to reset my inner clock.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-05
Words:   714
Minutes: 0

Tomorrow I’ll write double.

Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. 
Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater. Cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater, cheater.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-06
Words:   948
Minutes: 81

Are you fucking serious? 

I did cheat yesterday, but I tried. It was between 20 and 15 minutes before midnight when I remembered the words. I grabbed my phone and did what I used to do when was too busy to do the words but didn't want to lose the streak. I copied and pasted "cheater" as if insulting myself, or admitting wrongdoing made any difference. I checked —double checked— that the words were saved and the day was marked done.

Yeah, I actually thought about and considered skipping today. I feel tired and there's a dampened urge to cry buried deep in my chest. I opened this site after brewing my tea instead of going back to the Lacan book. There is a diagonal slash instead of a cross. I know what that means. I won't overexplain just to fill the words.

I had my appointment with Calli today. There was no mention of the stuff I kept silenced two weeks ago. Maybe I'll come back to this idea. 

Couple of moments ago, I put on the search bar of youtube 'trans representation', again. What am I looking for? 

What did I do yesterday?

Right, I didn't sleep at all. No. That was Sunday and Monday's morning. I should have written about that in Monday's words. Monday was the lab's meeting. I did not go to the lab that day. Why did I think of Vicky? She's not been going to the meetings. I can't remember the last time that I saw her. Perhaps when I presented Qrater and she said that because of the lack of private datasets, she'd not be able to use it herself. That was months ago. Louis sent an e-mail today for something. Right, next Monday will be holiday, so the Neuro meeting will be moved to the week after. Her name was in the list of addressees. I got an e-mail today, as I mentioned to Calli in our session, for the Queer Club meeting in Jeanne Mance. There was a link at the end of the mail, inviting the reader to join the Facebook Group. By that point I already suspected that I would not go to the meeting. The group was private, like Vicky's potential datasets, non-members of the group can't see who's a part of it. Once I was accepted, I was now able to see the other members. One of them, she was. 

Yesterday I woke up early-ish. I even showered before Armando. After he took most of his stuff out of the kitchen, Alda and I agreed to go to the store and buy some of the stuff to replace what was now gone. I went to the lab and pretended, enough to fool myself, to work. I don't remember much of what happened. I ate a sandwich and was alone most of the day at the lab. Vlad came into the room for a minute. He grabbed a monitor and asked me if I had seen about the picnic when he was leaving. 

I made a stop at the library and checked out at first book. The first volume of Lacan's seminar. Just now I posted a tongue-in-cheek story on Instagram about doing neuroscience by day and reading psychoanalysis by night. Probably it'll go ignored like most of the stuff I post and or say. 

Alda and I went yesterday to Dollarama and bought some stuff that wouldn't be available from IKEA. We talked a bit about how it'll be after Armando leaves. He posted now the ad for the room. I was nervous when I read what he had to say. Would he say, like some of the ads that I saw earlier this year, that the current tenants are a bi cis woman and a lesbian trans woman? 

I could have talked about that in today's session with Calli, but didn't really want to. 

I went to bed tired, but still struggled to actually fall asleep. I didn't want to get up today. I didn't want to the day to begin. Time's running out, but I don't know for what. 

I went to the lab again. After all, there was the appointment with Calli in the afternoon. Last night I ate very late, after returning from Dollarama. Today I didn't pack a lunch. Calli asked me what was the plan for the afternoon, what did I see myself doing. Maybe a cup of tea, relaxing. I made a stop at the depanneur on the way home where I bought tea and noodles.

As I was cooking, Alda told me that it smelled veery good. I thought about offering her some of my meal, but hesitated and then just thanked her.

Talking about the decorations of the apartment, I told Alda that I considered printing some of my pictures for hanging in my room or the apartment. I shared some with her and shyly told her that she was allowed to tell me that she didn't like any. She replied back that they were quite nice. I had asked Sonny to tell me which one she liked, but never really looked at them and days passed. 

Later, I would ask Monica the same question. She told me that she was tired and wanted to give me the final answer, so, could she answered me back today? This morning she said that even though she doesn't know about photography, she can actually see that I have talent. 

Do I? Why does it feel like those days when I was young and girls would share around my notebook with stupid and cheesy poetry? They're not that good. The poems, the pictures, me. We're not that special.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-07
Words:   808
Minutes: 20

The plates and stuff from Ikea came in. I still have not bought the canvas pictures. I looked at them yesterday. I have Monica's and Sonny's recommendations. Why can't I just order some and be done with it?

I, again, had a very hard time falling asleep last night. I think the last time I saw the time it was around 2 in the morning. I didn't put an alarm, did I? Maybe they're automatic with the iPhone. I think the defualt setting was set for every weekday. I looked into buying the plane ticket to Tijuana from Guadalajara. Just now, I tried openning the volaris airline website in another tab. 

At first I looked for the flight in the studentuniverse app. It doesn't list the cheap airlines, though. I used another flights aggregator and found out the cheapest flights were from volaris instead of vivaaerobus. When I tried to make the reservation, the website wouldn't really load. It would throw a random error and keep switching the listed prices between canadian dollars and mexican pesos. 

When I tried later today, the website wouldn't even load. I haven't checked the tab, really.

Moments ago, I was lying on the bed, a little bit high and very tired. I didn't want to write the words. What's the point anymore? The streak is over. I lost, again, the monthly challenge.

Yesterday I received an e-mail that in the next couple of days I'd receive a bank deposit for 200 dollars. I used that as an excuse for buying the canvases. Today, I used them in a similar way to accept Alda's invitation for going to a beer festival this weekend. Now, as in right now that I'm writing this sentence, I don't feel like going anymore.

Yesterday I told Calli that there was going to be a meeting in the park for the Queer group. She was excited, no. She was excited when I mentioned Louis encouragement for going out and doing something. She tried to convince me subtly to go, but then she was understanding as well, saying that not going was totally fine. By the end of the session, she mentioned that I had worked a lot.

"What's the worst thing that could happen tonight, what is this impending doom that deep down you think might happen?"

"Well, in the worst case, I would feel overwhelmed by the emotions again. I could go an buy a bottle of, something, and get very very drunk. And, again, in the worst worst case, I could even end up cutting myself again." 

I posted a set of two stories to Instagram. The first pictures was of the two monitors, one with a figure from a paper and the other one with a vim session opened. There was a textbox that said: "computational neuroscientist in the streets". 

The second picture I took it last night, after having a cup of tea. It was the title page of the book I took out of the library: "lacanian psychoanalyst in the sheets". 

I got a lot of comments on those. Most from psychologists themselves. Claudia reacted to them and even commented. She worked with Yadira, of course she would. Saren did, too. Commented, I mean, not working with Yadira. 

Right now, I got a wave of memories from the University. The Faculty and our free time between classes. Walking around, not really doing nothing. Maybe laughing. 

Anahi sent a message. I've always been a hipster, it said. We continued talking. No, I continued the conversation. I told her that hopefully the border will open and we can go shopping when I go there in December. After talking a bit about that, she asked me if I wasn't going to go to Eusebio's and Jessica's weeding. I told her that I didn't think so, as I wasn't invited.

We then talked more about that. I talked, basically. I told her the story of how Monica let me know what Omar said to her that time that he gave her the box of her stuff. The reason why I put distance between me and the group. Well, not really put distance, just stopped looking them up. 

I wanted to finish this words and go back to bed. I still do. When the alarm sounded in the morning, I turned around and continued sleeping until 10 in the morning. I grabbed my clothes and went to the bathroom to shower. In there I decided I didn't  really want to go and wrote an e-mail that I was feeling a bit under the weather and it'd be better if I skipped the reunion. 

Louis replied to me to feel better and Reza that their here in the building now, and let him know if I needed anything.

I didn't do any real work the rest of the day.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-09
Words:   2153
Minutes: 40

Friday and Saturday. Again, I did not do the words. This time I don't feel guilty, really. Maybe having that half-done day was a good thing.

I got up Friday with the intention of doing some work, but the whole day passed and I did none. In Teams Vlad sent a message saying how since yesterday they had a long social meeting, maybe we/they could cancel Friday's. This was half an hour before the scheduled time. I had not showered, I think. I didn't connect. I considered it. I opened the app. But I never clicked 'connect'. They had some sort of meeting. There were some messages in the chat from Vlad and Etienne. Up the corner in the app, three or four names appeared on the screen as participants of the call, but none of them were Louis'.

I showered and changed. There was the beer fest that afternoon. Alda had the tickets. She told us they were 30 dollars per head. Armando decided not to go. Since he had his meeting, getting there after 7 wasn't really worth it. I understood. Vix and Lizzie were also going, Alda would tell me later.

I put on the pink shirt that I bought in Tijuana were I was my skinniest. I was misgendered wearing that shirt in one of our dates with Sonny. I looked at myself in the full-body mirror of the restrooms of the train station where the beer fest was happening and actually liked how I looked. I liked me. Silly Sofia, that you think you look like a woman. 

I'm just coming back from the kitchen. I really wanted a drink and looked at Alda's bottles above the fridge. I could make myself a drink, she wouldn't mind. The bottles are almost done. I decided against it. Maybe I could go buy some alcohol for myself. No, I should not spend too much money on alcohol anymore. I just woke up today with a hangover. Why do I keep wanting to do this to me? 

I wore black jeans, a brown tank top and the pink and cream shirt over it open with the sleeves rolled up. Alda sent me a message a quarter before 5 to get ready to leave soon. I went to the restroom and put on make up. There was something in that face that I didn't like. It looks fake. Like a bad covering of the male features that I want to get rid off, but instead of hiding them, they just look more obvious.

I waited for her in the couch reading my book. She wanted to have some shots before leaving. She served them in Armando's mason jar shot glasses. They hold maybe twice the amount of a conventional shot. I mentioned how I was feeling a bit of a buzz on the way there.

We arrived before Vix and Lizzie. The people checking the vaccine passports spoke spanish. The woman first look at my passport and said: 'oh, mexicana' before continuing with the instructions in spanish. They gave us two beer glasses and a card with 20 points for ordering the beer tasters.
 
We got to our table and left the stuff there. The other guys had not arrived yet. We went to the restroom and I looked at myself in the mirror. 

We did the line for the beers. I browsed the list of options and decided to get the package filled with dark strong beers. Stouts and a Porter. There was one from 'Dieu du ciel!', Alda pointed it out and mentioned how we should go to that place again.

When we returned to the tables with our beers, Vix and Lizzie were already sitting there with theirs. I was going to write how it was similar to that time we went to St Laurent Boulevard and the restaurant in old port, but that is not true. That time there was also Vix and another girl friend of them, but this time I didn't feel as apart. With Lizzie I felt a bit more included in the conversations. She mentioned how there was going to be a party later from a friend of hers, near Hochelaga, if we wanted to go. It was going to be inside a church. We made some jokes and were really intrigued by the idea. A party inside a church. Drinking inside a church. Even if just to cross the item from a bucket list, I really wanted to go. 

Lizzie mentioned how she didn't tell Vix that it was in a church because she worried that he would not want to. We were wanting to have something to eat. Somebody suggested german sausages, but there were no restaurants that offered them nearby. Vix mentioned this app that lets him grab a car and use it. He proposed that we could grab one, leave our stuff in there, and go somewhere to eat before the party. Maybe we could eat at Winston Churchill, where Danny's working and some people were already there. Did I know then that those some people meant Molly and her friends? 

They ordered more beers and I finished my original four. We stopped at a SAQ on the way when we were looking for the car. Lizzie and I were looking for a bottle of gin for her friend. He's a pilot, she said. She picked one with 'aviation' on the bottle. It was cute, the meaning behind the gesture. Alda and Vix went around looking for our own alcohol. They decided on a bottle of Greek licquor. Today I sent Alda a transfer for 10 dollars, but she hasn't accepted it.

We continued walking trying to find the car. Lizzie wanted to pee. Alda brought up the question about peeing on the streets. Once she had me and Armando and casually mentioned she was more interested in my answer. I guess it's because I'm a woman. Maybe she didn't know or remembered I have a penis. 

We couldn't find the car, so we would go directly to the bar. Karina would meet us there. Maybe then it was when Vix mentioned Molly? No, probably he said her name in the beer fest. It doesn't really matter, I guess. 

We arrived at the bar and got in line. When we got to the entrance, the guard asked Lizzie if there were alcohol in her bag. She tried to say it was a birthday gift, but he repeated the question without listening, signaling he didn't care. 

"I can't let you in with any alcohol." 

Maybe that was before the search of the car. Yeah, that's correct. That happened, we looked for the car, and, after we didn't find it, decided to go back and stash the alcohol in an alley. Lizzie and Alda put it under a traffic cone. Molly and her friends were standing outside the bar when we returned.

We got in and returned to the table where they were sitting. They took their places to the right side of the booth. Alda and Vix were the first to sit, next to them, on the other end. Lizzie was ahead of me and my heart started rushing. I would not fit next to her. I turned my head and saw the empty spot on the wrong end, the one next to Molly. 

"You can sit here", Lizzie said breaking my train of thought as she was moving closer to Vix to make some space for me. I did not see Molly looking in my direction the whole night. I did ruin everything when I sent her that 'joke' message. Of course it would be awkward later. 

We went upstairs to check the second floor. Vix got in looking for Danny, and we stayed behind in the lobby upstairs. Karina arrived while we were there. Lizzie had told us she had warned her that Carol was there as well. I don't really know the backstory. Maybe she's the girl that tried something with Danny, Karina's boyfriend. The one Karina was mentioning at the bar after the jazz fest. Is she also the new roommate of Molly? The thing Vix was saying about feeling like a betrayal and the mixture of those two worlds.

Lizzie started telling me about Molly. See, Molly was her friend. She was with her when Molly was going through a bad breakup. She had not seen Molly in months and was really excited about seeing her tonight. She barely said hi. Why would she do that? Is it because she's 22? She's not 22 though, I thought. It was her birthday in August so she turned 23. 

"And I was a little bit like 'yea, I don't really wanna be a part of this conversation, lol'", I told Armando today about the drama of that bar. 

Why do they keep asking me about my dating life? Maybe it was when Alda and Vix left looking for another car. Lizzie asked me and I told her the truth. I dated for a while, but decided to take a break. When I returned the questions, she said that she was on the apps. Why would she want to know? Did I? If not, why would I return the question? I thought she was seeing that dancer guy. 

Vix asked me, again, as well. I told him the same thing. I knew why he asked. Molly was there. Alda had told him that she wasn't sure about inviting me to Molly's birthday because I had asked her out and it didn't happen and things could be awkward. The next day, when we met, he asked me about my dating life and then asked me why I hadn't attended the party the night before. When I returned the question to him, he said something about it being different for guys. As if I didn't know. 

Lizzie and Karine went somewhere. Aiden, Molly's friend that we met that night of the jazz fest, arrived. He sat next to me and we started chatting. I don't remember most of what he said. He asked about the beer fest. I told him about my favorite, this stout that was aged in a bourbon barrel. He said it sounded fancy and that he was thinking about going himself. He likes beers, he even has a tattoo of them. He asked me if I wanted to see it. Before I answered, he started lifting up his shirt. Molly looked his way and started laughing. 

"Molly has one as well." 

"Yeah, I've also seen hers. There's another friend who got it, right? Just one left before seeing all of them and completing the collection."

Right after that I sent a message to Monica, how I wasn't sure that Molly's friend was hitting on me. At the time it felt like that. Now I can see that he wasn't. Lizzie came and he turned towards me and abandoned our conversation. Even though I wasn't interested in him, it still hurt, nonetheless. Of course I couldn't really compete with a woman like Lizzie. She's way more attractive than me. She's way more obviously cis than me.

Karina was telling the people about the party in the church. First the male friend, and later the venezuelan girl. I didn't really want them to come, did I? How would I had felt if they had gone? Maybe none of the drama would had happened, as if I'd have been way too busy dealing with my own awkwardness and avoiding Molly.

We waited for Aiden. He would be the only one to join us. I was cold, but not as cold as when we arrived to the parking lot of the church. We had a hard time finding the entrance. There was some door somewhere and I think we took some stairs that led us to some kind of basement.  Some people wrestling in a fighting ring. There were not as many people as I would have imagined. It felt awkward at first. 

"Thank you guys for coming, I really don't know what I'd have done if I'd have come alone."

We met the host. He offered us some coke. We took some drinks instead and moved over the ring. They were messing around for a bit. I remember now, how when we got into the car, Lizzie offered to sit on Aiden's lap. I can't remember if she actually went there. I don't think so. Aiden was navigating Vix. No, at first it was Lizzie, but her phone was set for walking, so she directed him through a one-way street. That was from the back seat. Aiden took over after that, and he was sitting at the front. At the ring he was trying to support her on his feet. I sent a picture of that to Monica. 

Maybe I should continue tomorrow? In four minutes this log will lock.




------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-10
Words:   1064
Minutes: 28

We decided to go explore the rest of the church. After refilling our drinks, we went throught the door into the main room. There were pidgeon shit in the podium where the father would give the sermon. We were already drunk. Someone gave out cigarettes and we smoked right there in the front. We took several pictures of around the place. I don't remember exactly, but it could had been my idea to go check the confession booths. 

I got in to the further one in the right. It was dark. Lizzie sat in the one in the middle. There was a light switch in there. I could see her clearly, but she could not see me. We swapped places. The one in the middle was the one for the priest. 

"I'll be the father, then." 

Still, Lizzie and Aiden wanted me to confess my sins. 

"I don't really have any. I mean, I have sins, but I don't repent them."

Did they want me to confess to something specifically? Aiden said something about me being a priest. Later, when I offered if someone wanted to take over me being the priestess, he apologized. That should had been the first red flag, but I didn't think much of it. 

We lost Lizzie. Aiden, too. I followed Karina and went up some wooden stairs. They were dark and full of cobwebs. The further we went up they felt more dangerous and scary. We got to the top of the bell room. The view was amazing. The people told Lizzie how they have been there for years and never knew about that place. We didn't stay longer than 5 minutes before coming back down again. I illuminated the way for Karina and stepped down backwards.

When we got to the basement again I saw Aiden sitting in there. He told me how he left Lizzie stranded because he was scared of heights. He had fallen of a tractor once. Or something like that. He had been close to death several times. Was it three? I don't remember. I wasn't paying much attention to what he was saying. Lizzie came and sat on his lap as we were talking. I feel as if I'm mixing up the events. I moved from where I was sitting. It was obvious she was interested in him. I wasn't, and yet I felt a lot of different things that I had never felt before. 

"Pero aun así, sí sentí como la competencia. Y la inseguridad [...] I mean, even if I were attracted to him, I'm not at the same league as her". 

I don't remember when exactly, but Lizzie came a little bit sad and said that Aiden didn't want her around. It was before we went out. 

He was lying on the floor. Drunk? We didn't know. He wasn't feeling well, or at least didn't look like it. 

"Do you mind if I sit her with you? It's fine if you don't want to."

I sat on the side, a bit far, but still next to him. I don't remember if we were talking about anything before Lizzie came out. Maybe she saw me with him and wanted to mark her territory again. Did she feel that I was into him somehow? Was I acting like that? 

She sat over him, or hugged him, or something. He blew her off, hard. It was harsh. He told her to please go inside, he didn't want her close. He appreciated, he was flattered, but he wasn't interested. He had just ended a relationship with someone, so please, leave him alone.

"Do you want me to leave, too?"

He was annoyed, and when she left, he continued letting it all out to me between some 'man's and 'bro's. I remembered the confessionary and suddenly felt as dysphoric as I hadn't felt in a long time. How stupid of me to think he was interested in me, or that Lizzie saw me as competition. He knew I was trans and saw me as a man. Probably since that very first night. All of them knew, surely. I'm Alda's tranny roommate. They guys are not interested in me. Molly wasn't interested in me. Flore wasn't interested in me. Nor Ana or that last girl from Bumble.

Not much after that, we left. Lizzie decided to stay. Probably she didn't want to leave with Aiden.
I stayed a couple of moments with her, but I can't really say why. What did I expect from that action? 

In the car, Karina and Aiden continued talking about it. It is unfair the how the situation is not looked the same becuase of gender, Karina was telling him. Vix drove us first to our apartment. I hugged Karina good-bye. Aiden moved from his seat and extended his arms toward me as well. 

"Sofia, thank you very much for staying with me".

"And you know what's the shittiest part? I actually liked how I looked earlier that night. Me acuerdo en el beer fest cuando fui al baño con Alda, nos detuvimos a ver que había full-body mirrors. Claramente recuerdo que me vi en ellos y me gusté. I was feeling good with myself. Después de ese momento, todo se vino abajo y me sentí como un bicho raro; sentí que la piel me quedaba chica. 

"And the dude probably didn't even notice what he did." 

In the morning, I got Monica's message asking me if I was already awake and to tell her the complete story. I went back to sleep. I felt smoke in my throat and ashes in my eyes. I heard Armando's friend arriving and in a half-conscious state, I listened their conversation in spanish.

I got a message from Alda asking me how I was feeling. She told me she forgot her bag in the car and she had missed her shift as she was leaving for her sister's. She was also feeling sick. 

I ate some of Armando's discada. He told us if we had an issue with him renting out the room to a friend of his who's moving from Mexico. He's gay. I'd lie if I said I wasn't a bit disappointed, but whatever. I'm OK with it, I guess. 

I went to the gym. I ran almost three miles. It was a brisk walk. 45 minutes. Do I feel better? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-13
Words:   753
Minutes: 59

The missing days make me stop caring about writing these logs. I can't remember the reason for why I skipped Monday's. Maybe I just forgot. Yesterday I consciously didn't feel like it. I felt very tired and decided to just stay in bed reading for a while and go to sleep. I haven't been sleeping very well lately. Maybe that was the reason I've been feeling constipated.

Should I write about what has happened these past few days or just continue from today? I have this little journaling app that I've been using lately. It could serve as a guide. I've been going to the gym lately. First it started just as an experiment. The first time I really liked, even though I told Calli that it wasn't that useful for my mood. This week when I went to sign up to use it, I decided to write down my name for the rest of the week. 

"Emotional work is like doing physical exercise. It's healthier to let it rest after a hard work."

I'll be going every other day. After the excitement of the first time, when I went it was actually harder and I felt a bit disappointed. Maybe it would be another habit that wouldn't stick, like jogging in Mont Royal or using the pool.

Sunday I went to the thrift store looking for clothes for the costume. I know it was Sunday and not Monday, because I didn't know if they would open for Monday. So, I guess Monday I did not go out. The logger app says I went to the gym and even had coffee. Other than that it was just reading. 

After feeling let down with my look of trans representation in media, I went looking for books. By then I had been reading the Lacan book that I checked out of the library. That made me think about looking for fiction books from that library. No. That's not true at all. After going to the gym, I thought I could try listening to audiobooks in the treadmill. I downloaded the audible app remembering that there's supposed to be a free book each month. Actually, you have to enroll in a monthly subscription to get those benefits. That's how I got into the libraries. There area available audiobooks there to download. After loaning some e-books and even putting some on hold, I haven't really downloaded any audiobook. 

I've finished one and am halfway on another. Most of all of the books I had in the ipad app have a trans protagonist. I guess it's something to satisfy that urge to seeing someone like myself somewhere.

I think I did work Monday. I worked a bit on the MX project. Yesterday I went to the lab. I ate the first of the frozen burritoes I cooked some time ago, but not at the lab. Reza was there. He asked me how I was feeling when he came in. I'm not sure if it was just because he cared, or if he was worried about getting sick, too.

I wasn't as productive as I wanted, but still it was way better than today.

Today I had this Alzheimer's seminar early in the morning. I went to bed early —as I mentioned before, it was why I skipped the day again. Unfortunately, I slept 4 hours until midnight, and then couldn't go back to sleep. The conference was going to open at 7:30. I think I finally fell asleep around 6 am. Right then and there, I realized it was not going to be an option getting up for a conference to which I wouldn't even pay attention. I woke up only to go to the gym. 

The real reason that I signed up to the gym was because I tried the "costume" even though by yesterday I had already confirmed my worry that the idea of dressing up as a schoolgirl was ridiculous, and the skirt didn't really fit. 

I asked Monica for her opinion. Even though she didn't really get —at least to my knowledge— my worry that it was basically a way to fulfill my preconscious need to live a youth life stage that I didn't get to, she agreed that it would be tacky. Instead, I decided to dress as Steven Universe. 

Up until a couple of years ago, I would fantasize about the idea of wearing a girl's costume, and now that is expected, I have decided to wear one of a male character. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-14
Words:   965
Minutes: 49

"I really took it to heart with the 'being brief'." 

I cried today half an hour after the meeting with Louis. He's so nice that I doubt if he's actually disappointed in me. How could he not be? 

Last night I slept early and actually slept through the whole night. I could had gotten out of bed even earlier than my alarm. I decided to go back to sleep in any case, and continued dreaming. Nothing interesting. In there somehow I travelled back in time and chatted with Miguel in my mom's school. There was no mention of me looking different, or being a woman, so I guess in that reality I hadn't transitioned. I wasn't conscious of that until in the morning that I was thinking about the dream.

Last night, as I was wondering about the contact lenses, I took a picture of me without glasses so I could see how I'd look. Back then, the first time that I tried I was still in university, so my facial features were of no interest of mine. Yesterday, though, I realized how my eyes look smaller. Not only that, but my forehead looks rough. 'Rough brow bone bossing' came up when I searched it in google. I went through the rabbit hole looking at the sexual dymorphism in skulls.
After half an hour I was browsing Facial Feminization Surgeries and their prices. I felt as dysphoric as I hadn't felt in years. 

I don't remember if I had my coffe or if I showered first. Probably the latter. The meeting with monsier Charron was at 9:30 in the morning. I put on the blouse that looks like a white shirt under a gray sweater. I know Sonny really likes it. 

I got distracted on the work computer, and then talking with my mum about the soon opening of the border and my trip home. 

My head is starting, not to hurt, really, but I do feel tired. I've also been having this low back pain. It's not really in my back, but not on my abdomen either. It's really weird.

I was the first to connect to the teams meeting in the morning. It was just Louis and monsier Charron's secretary? assistant? Soon everyone else started to come in.

I'm starting to cry and I'm not sure why. I do have an idea. It's gone. The tears are drying but the heavy pull in my chest is still there.

I was the third last to present in Louis' slides. My slides were the fewest. My participation was the shortest, too. I made a joke at the beginning of my meeting with Louis; he didn't make any comment about my particular participation. 

I presented in my pajama pants. I might have been wearing almost the same outfit as my first interview with Louis and his lab. This formal-ish top with comfier pants.

As soon as the meeting was finished, I went upstairs to the lobby to pick up the package with my new sweaters and skirt. I tried the new clothes and the possible costume and took pictures with everything. Even though there was only one picture of my whole face and the rest only included parts of it, I hated most of them. I cropped them before sharing them with Monica. The sweaters were bigger than they should be. They're M, but still they look baggy on me. The skirt is L and yet I took it off without unzipping it. Maybe my grandma could fix it a bit if I see her.

Even though I told Louis I would be running SNIPE as is after our meeting, I don't think I'm going to tonight. The prickling in my back is still there.

I went to the pharmacy to pick up the hormones. Next time, I'll just refill the oestrogen and continue using the one I have on reserve. If the pharmacist mentions anything about refilling only half of my prescription, I could tell her that I have a stash of those from before coming to Canada and they're going to expire. Which is the truth, I guess.

I bought a lipstick and blush. Maybe that had something to do with my recent facial dysphoria. Ironically, moments ago, I actually liked how I looked in the preview square that showed the image of my own webcam. I bought eggs becuase I would be eating the last pair today, and ham, so I could finish the loaf of bread that I'm almost sure has —or soon will develop— mold. 

Did I actually work after coming back? I haven't touch either the project of Ed's data. God, I'm such a mess.

In our meeting I told him how I've been struggling, still, with MAGeT. He made a comment how that's really bad. He sent an e-mail to Gabriel, and told me that he'd ask for his help to fix this issue. It's not somethig that should take this long, or a thing that I should not be spending so much time on, or a phrase like that. He just said that I had better things to spend mi time on.

I moved on to SNIPE, and how Vlad just sent me those other scripts to look at, and there were some in MATLAB. 

Here they come again, the tears. Except this time, they're stopping midway. I feel them bloatening my cheeks.

When I said that I hadn't really done anything with the Deep Learning, he said that there was no problem. Why am I still feeling like a disappointment?

In the chat with Gabriel of Mallar's lab, I felt like a failure. Like this stupid girl who doesn't really know what she's doing. Am I? Know what I'm doing, I mean. 

The tears finally came out.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-15
Words:   753
Minutes: 25

Today, again, I didn't feel like doing the words. It was the same familiar feeling of 'why should I even bother?'. 

There are some internet issues. 

I woke up around six in the morning, but went right back to sleep. I'm pretty sure I heard Armando up —in the kitchen, possibly— and going to the bathroom to shower. I can't remember what I dreamed, so it might have not been anything important. I postponed the alarm until a couple of minutes before going to the gym. When I woke up, two whatsapp notifications appeared when I looked at the time. They were Alda's. She called me by my name and asked me if I could please open the door for her. They were from 8 in the morning, so almost an hour old. I panicked and sent her a message to please tell me she had gotten in, somehow. 

She did. Armando let her in. She was a bit embarrased because she was, in her own words, pretty baked. 

I went to the gym and didn't reply back. When I got downstairs, I signed my name in the sheets continuing the routine of Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I looked through the small window pane in the door. There was a man bench pressing inside the gym. I had gone a couple of minutes earlier, so I just put my water bottle on the table and browsed my phone until he came out. He didn't take long. 

"Good morning", he said to me as he left. 

I went directly to the treadmill and this time I changed the mode so I wouldn't need to keep grabbing the bars to check my heart rate. Some places in the internet were saying that it's not healthy. Maybe that's the reason why I've been having this pain on my lower back. 

During my run, I heard  the noise of a door opening behind me. I was startled to see the cleaning girl, pass to my right. I felt a little guilty for not wearing my mask, even though the guy that went before me didn't have his on either.

I finished the 30 minutes of jogging, and came back to shower. This time I did not wear a sports bra, so my shirt was soaking wet. I didn't feel any difference. Maybe it's because my breasts are very small. They do count as breasts, right? 

I went to the pc with a cup of coffee and a bowl of cereal supposedly to start working. I didn't do anything productive for the rest of the day. I should do something in the weekend, even though, on the long run, it will be actually worse for my productivity for the rest of the week. 

Still, I don't want to have another meeting with Louis were I don't have anything to show him.

I stayed on loungewear and a mario t-shirt with my hair up for most of the day. That's how I looked when I connected to the lab's friday meeting. Nothing important was said in it. It didn't last long, either. Maybe an hour. 

In the morning, when I was sitting naked on the toilet after returning from my run, I read how Louis replied thanking Gabriel for his help on our chat in Slack. By the end, even though I did still feel like an idiot, it wasn't as much as during the beginning of it. Louis shared with him the repo of my app. Was he proud of it? of me? Maybe he noticed how I looked pretty stupid and wanted to save face. Probably, it wasn't that, yet that's going to stay in my mind. 

I ate two sandwiches. One of ham before the meeting, and one of bacon after. 

Alda sent me a message an hour ago, asking me if I wanted to watch a movie tonight. I said yes without thinking. She said how she was looking at the times right that moment. She was talking about going to the movies. I feared how I didn't want to spend any more money, and I wouldn't want to waste it on a movie that I wouldn't really want to see. Neda had just commented during our meeting that she wanted to see the movie, but it was full. She had bougth tickets in advance for tomorrow night. 

Actually the theater was almost empty tonight. She bought the tickets.

I put on some clothes and am just waiting a couple of minutes before we leave.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-16
Words:   792
Minutes: 66

I feel so tired. I am getting nervous again with money, my finances. I should do a budget, but I am nervous that I'll realize that there are a lot of stuff where I spend my money that I should not. 

Yesterday, the internet, the one that I pay, went off for a moment. The computer automatically connected to the building's internet. Still, pages wouldn't load. Moments like those make me feel sure that having Fizz's internet is actually a good choice. 

Last night we went to the movies. I put on the blue sweater that I recently bought over a bralette and a tank top. I passed the razor over my chin. I can't remember if I brushed my teeth. We talked about going to the depanneur before the movies, so I sent a message to Alda telling her I was ready if she wanted to leave a bit earlier. By the end, we left at 9:30, just as she had suggested. 

We had a shot of amaretto and left. I took my passport with me in case they would not accept my driver's license as a valid ID for the vaccine passport. Several times I felt a cold flash of anxiety, worrying that I would brush my hand over my back pocket and would not feel its outline. 

I bought a water bottle and a bag of popcorn. I bought it large with the intention of sharing it with Alda. By the end, I almost finished all of it myself. I still did the 16 hour fast.

James Bond died at the end. I had completely forgotten that the french woman was also on the previous movie. 

We returned home and made some cocktails with what we had home. Orange and grapefruit juices, rhum and vermouth. We smoked on the balcony and chatted for a bit. She mentioned again the reference to the tutorship job. I, again, felt a little bit awkward given that I still struggle to find the time to actually be productive. Even then, I considered it later. She would get a thousand dollars bonus for the referral. She offered to split it. But it's not just that. I am spending too much money. A little extra would come handy. I feel lagging and that time is not enough even without it.

I'm hungry. I ate more than I planned. First, I made myself a bacon and tomato sandwich. Then, when I didn't feel satisfied enough, I served a bowl of cereal and ate it while I finished the movie of Daniel Radcliffe where he has a pair of guns stapled to his hands. It was pretty stupid, but I enjoyed it.

Now I am tired. I want to finish this thing and go back to bed. I don't even feel like reading. I just want to lie down and close my eyes. What else could I write about?

I browsed a bit of Instagram. I put the usual names in the search box, but there was nothing new. I saw Paty's stories.

When I got up in the afternoon, I had several messages from different people. Monica, Sonny, even Anahi. Monica's been going to a physical therapist. Is she still having issues with her body? She looks thinner again. I thought she was getting better. 

The first girl to whom I talked in highschool was Veronica. She talked to me. I don't remember much of her or that conversation. She studied medicine. When I came out, she added me on the new profile. A couple of months ago I saw some pictures of her. She's anorexic. She's much more thin than Monica. She wasn't like this last year. 

I looked at the plane tickets for returning to Canada. They prices are higher, not by much, but still. I should buy them soon. I have the credit card info from my father. They offered me to use it to buy them. Still, I feel uneasy. 

I thought about asking Louis if it was OK for me to stay for a bit with my family, but after last meeting how I didn't have any real updates, I feel that I shouldn't. 

Last night Alda mentioned that I shouldn't feel too bad, that I'm doing OK from what I've told her. I don't see it, though. When we were coming home, she said that the next day after the church night, Vix invited her to hang out, and told her to tell me as well, as he doesn't have my number. He was with Aiden. 

I told her later, how honestly I really considered it, but now, after hearing he would be there, I was glad that I decided not to go. I made no mention of why, though.



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-17
Words:   762
Minutes: 30

I told myself that I would work this weekend. Especially now after the embarrasment and shame I felt after my meeting with Louis, the chat with Gabriel and the lack of work on Friday. I didn't do much today, nor yesterday.

I did work. I cleaned the apartment, and worked on Eduardo's data. It took me most of the day and yet, not much progress was made. The two adderall pills are still on the pill capsule under the monitor. Alda asked me about them when we were returning from the movies.

I should take them tomorrow. Full day of work, I guess. I scheduled the gym at 9:30. 45 minutes of the treadmill. After showering, I would be ready to get to work maybe a quarter before 11. Should I go to the lab? 

I want to. Why? It's not like my days are more productive there. It's pressure to not procrastinate, especially when there is someone else in there. Tomorrow there's a meeting, though. The Neuro meeting. Vlad is going to present some of his work. 

Yesterday I was browsing the flights back to Montreal from San Diego. The prices keep rising. They're not as expensive as the one I bought going to Mexico City, but still, they're around 10 dollars more expensive than the first times I checked. I felt urged to buy it, but maybe I should wait until having the OK from Louis about returning that late after the holidays. I will be going a week earlier. My progress is not as it should be. I ought to thread carefully. 

Today I also ate only a bowl of cereal and a bacon and tomato sandwich. This time I added a fried egg in there. The last months I was living in Fuentes Brotantes, those were my favorite meals. Two sandwiches with bacon and fried eggs and a bowl of ramen soup. The days were I ate, of course. There were some days where I would come home and get straight to bed. The meal from le petit cafe was my only food for the day. Was it on purpose? That was how I got so thin. The pictures from Pride and before Las Vegas were the thinnest I've ever been. I remember well how those were some of the darkest days of my life. The first hints of self-harming thoughts were surfacing. Why do I want to go back to that?

Maybe I should go to the lab. 

I fear that I'll get another message from Eduardo asking me how I'm doing. It's taking so long and I can't get results. Why? I should get over with all of this. Am I a failure? Were this a real job, it is a sure thing that I'd gotten fired by now.

Moments ago I was very close to ordering a cast iron from amazon and a wet stone for sharpening the knives. I was browsing videos about baking. The last time I went to the kitchen, I noticed how I have around 300 grams of AP flour and maybe a full kilogram of bread flour. I watched some videos about making tortillas or bread. To cook the flour tortillas, you need a cast iron. The steel skillet we have does not get hot enough. I could use the cast iron to cook the chicken, too. I've been thinking... I went back and almost bought them. It'd be 50 dollars. I should not be spending more money.

Armando sent me a message a couple of hours ago. 

"Oye, cara de popo. ¿Que opinas de esta laptop?", were his first messages. Then there was a link to Best Buy showing a gaming laptop. Why does he call me that? It's not the first time that he's used those kind of nicknames. Honestly, I was pretty annoyed and even considered calling him out on that. Was I offended? I didn't think much of it, nor was there a reason. I just... 

Doesn't matter. He'll leave soon. What's the point.

I keep thinking about the cast iron. I could cook the tortillas. I could cook the chicken in there. I have lots of chicken thighs. Maybe later. Not today. After this month. First I have to finish the food that I already have. There are bags of frozen veggies that I can cook with the noodles. I can bake the chicken, or cut it into pieces and cook it in the pan. I have a lot of corn tortillas. I don't need it right now. I can wait. At least this month. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-18
Words:   841
Minutes: 21

Was it hard to sleep last night? I don't remember much about it, or if/what I dreamed.

I postponed the alarmed when it started in the early morning. I was wearing only my red hoodie and panties under the sheets. Yesterday they turned on the heater. The idea of waking up early and going to the lab crossed my mind. There was no point, as I had scheduled the gym around 9:30. After finishing and showering, I'd be arriving at the hospital after 11. The Neuro meeting would start at 13, so I'd need to take my ipad with me and use it for Teams. 

Maybe tomorrow.

I fell asleep thinking about what food I need to buy and how much will it last me until the end of the month. 

I turned off the last alarm with just enough time to change my hoodie for a shirt and putting on socks. I felt tired even before starting the treadmill. I put on 30 minutes and just jogged as best as I could. At the end, the screen marked fewer calories than other times. My shirt was less soaked with sweat as well, but I was just as tired. 

What will I tell Dr Perera tomorrow? What was the reason about scheduling the follow-up appointment? She wanted to see how the emotional symptoms were developing with the counseling, if they would improve or should we need to pursue other modes of treatment. What will I say? 

It's not even 21 and I could had sworn it was close to midnight. 

I don't know why, but Flore just crossed my mind. And just now, as I finished writing that sentence, a tingle of shame zapped through my body. __Only one date and a couple of days of texting.__ 

I chatted today with Anahi and with my father. Anahi started the conversation out of nowhere. She went today to Isaias' office for her therapy and passed the university. "Cuando vengas quieres ir a cerrar ciclos?" 

She told me she's been feeling the urge to go, just to see what it feels like. I mentioned that I couldn't remember what was the reason that I went recently, but it felt very strange. 

The most recent time was to pick up the envelope with my degree and transcript to send by mail. It was just last year, during the middle of the pandemic. That wasn't the time that I was thinking about when she mentioned __closure__. 

It was another time. I was already looking completely like me. I wore a black loose blouse over a pair of jeans. I remembered looking for Zayra and Rene. I wanted them to see me all changed. I wanted them to have the latest updated version of me in their memories. As if somehow it would completely erase the view of me half-transitioned. Every trace of him gone. 

I thought about us going, maybe walking to Business School, to the top floor. But that was not us. We did go sometimes. The three of us, I mean. But that place was more Catherine's and mine. And just like that, I thought of her. I felt guilty. This shouldn't concern her. But it does. And that was the worst of it all. 

There were some pictures in Instagram of Jessica's bachelorette party. She's wearing a white dress and the bridesmaids are wearing black. There are a bunch of her friends, the two Paolas and Catherine. I don't really miss her, do I? Sometimes I do look her up on Twitter. It's mostly out of force of habit, though. I don't remember the last time I did. I guess time has passed. Right now I am fixated on girls that I chatted with only for a few days and never saw more than once.

Time has passed indeed. I don't remember the last time that I thought about the dating apps. Possibly a couple of days after the church party. Alda hasn't mentioned anything about that. It's possible that nothing comes out of it. We have that event that Friday. I haven't received any update from the Steven Universe t-shirt. I can wear the other __costume__ if that idea doesn't work. 

At today's meeting they joked about upcoming winter.

"What are the official policy about working remotely from Florida or Mexico?"

"There isn't one. I guess at the lab we have a 'don't ask; don't tell' policy."

"Now you just need a house in Mexico."

 With my dad I mentioned that I would talk with Louis about it before buying the flight. Before that I need to have some results or something to show him. I sent him an e-mail that SNIPE ran fine with the default arguments and library. 

Armando told me, too, that I shouldn't pressure myself to publish a lot just now. I haven't been here for long. I mentioned Neda and how she had her third paper just recently accepted. 

Once again, I felt this pressure in my chest and throat. This time there are no tears.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-19
Words:   777
Minutes: 36

Last night I tried the meditation app. It wasn't the first day, I've used it before. This time it was the longer meditation specifically for sleeping. It didn't do much, really.

That was the main issue I brought up with Dr Perera today, my lack of sleep. She recommended some tips about sleep hygiene. I thought that was going to be it, and felt silly about __asking for help__. She asked me some questions by the phone, it was a simple questionnaire about depression and anxiety. From my own expertise, I realized that most of the symptoms I have were related to anxiety. 

"Dark thoughts", they keep asking. Do I have them? I mean, no more than normal.

I can't remember the reason why, but I browsed the page of the contact lenses. They keep sending me emails about picking up where I left off. The shopping cart still had the two boxes of contact lenses. For a moment, I was worried that I had never really bought them. That was the reason I checked. The purchase had been made. I clicked the button to tracking the package and a new page appeared saying that the package had been delivered. The white little box was put inside the mailbox. 

Today I did not got to the gym. I found it hard to wake up and get out of bed, but I did. I showered, shaved, brushed my teeth and put cream on my hair. I came back to my room, picked the two contact lenses packages and returned to the bathroom. The youtube videos were helpfult. I put on the right lens at the first try. It was maybe 20 or 30 seconds. It felt weird, but not really uncomfortable. It did take a while to start seeing clearly. With confidance, I tried with the second eye, but it was just like last time. I kept closing my eyelid. It slipped through my wet fingers. It could had been 3 minutes just as much as it could had been 10. 

I returned to my desk waiting for the call. 

I went to the lab and pretended to work for most of the day.

It smell like burnt eggs. I think Armando's cooking his dinner.

Sitting in the lab, someone knocked the door. I wasn't sure if the sounds were real, so I stood still. Reza went and opened the door. The woman turned to look at me. 

"Hi! Do you remember me?" 

I looked at her and smiled without knowing what to say. The woman who had come the other day to ask about the people in the offices was the first person that came to my mind. I kept looking at her without saying anything. 

"We took this course..." 

"Did we?" 

"With Yasser. I'm Mahdie. I'm also Reza's wife and now we're also your neighbors."

My smile grew, but I still wasn't sure about what to say. Later they invited me to eat lunch with them, but I lied and said I had already eaten. Not much later, I left. I wasn't making much progress anyway. 

Just turning at the end of the street, I realized I was very cold and the walk home would be a nightmare. It wasn't that bad. I got to metro and bought some vegetables and bread.

I cooked myself a sandwich of a chicke thigh with buffalo sauce. I wasn't full, so I cooked one of the two ramen soups. There was some pink in the chicken on its thickest part. Hopefully I won't get worms again. 

I put on the James Bond movie, but didn't finish it. I don't remember the reason that convinced me of going to the pharmacy to pick up the prescription. They didn't call me. It was probable that it wouldn't be ready. Fuck, it was possible that they might not even had gotten it. 

They did, though. 

The lady asked me if they had called me and I told her the truth. She looked through the faxes and found mine. After answering some questions and waiting around 10 minutes, I was called and paid for the pills. They're not that expensive. 15 bucks. 

I grabbed a packet of off-brand ziploc bags and paid for them. On the way home, I stopped at the depanneur and bought myself two cans of cider and a chocolate bar. I guess I wasn't that full.

 I read the dossier of the medication. I bought it so I could have it tonight. There is a sticker on the side of the bottle that warns about not taking them with alcohol. 

"I never learn", I sent the picture to Sonny.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-20
Words:   779
Minutes: 50

"Meditation is preparation for death." 

This morning I did not go to the gym. The sleeping pill, and I guess the mixing it with the alcohol, worked wonders. I did not bring my phone to the bed. No, I did. I had it next to my pillow, but I did not look at it after setting the alarm. I dreamed something, maybe, but I can't recall any part of it. I woke up for the alarm but disabled it. In a brief moment, I decided that I would not be getting up nor going to the lab.

I feel ill, but not really sick. It might be allergies. I was cold yesterday. Stepping out of the hospital I realized that not bringing a real jacket was a terrible mistake. The second time I went out, I did put on the winter jacket over the sweater. That time my glasses did fog up from the warm breath that escaped from the upper gap in my mask. Maybe I'll end up wearing the contact lenses more often than I had first thought. 

Maybe not, though. I worry a little about the process of putting them on and off. Simultaneously, I don't want to try again because of the fear that it will be a disaster and I fear that if I avoid it for long, eventually it will be even worse when I do need to wear them. 

I brewed my coffee in the morning after getting up from bed. While waiting, I put the chicken thighs in ziploc bags and returned them to the freezer.

After that I sat at the computer and pretended to work. I haven't coded anything in all day. There was some progress, though. I figured out how I want to do the cross-validation algorithm. The MonteCarlo Cross-Validation seems to be the better way to go. I finally understood how they did it in the MAGeT paper. It's in paper, as in, noted down in the notebook. Now I just have to write the code. At least, now I have the excuse that no jobs are currently running in Niagara. 

I don't think I'll be doing anything more today, though. After finishing these words, I'll probably just take another pill and go straight to bed. Should I go to the lab tomorrow? 

Louis' meeting is tomorrow in the afternoon. I could see him in person, I guess, as he's been going to the lab recently. On the other hand, do I want to? I have been very lazy lately. It's not lazyness, though. I do feel exhausted and find it difficult to concentrate. Just writing these three pages of words seems so hard right now. 

The SNIPE output is downloading to the local PC. I have to review them and be able to show them to him if he asks. He's going to ask, that's why I sent him the email on Monday. I should ask him about what does he think related to the checking of MAGeT. I should have the script ready by noon so I could submit the jobs to be running as soon as NIAGARA starts accepting jobs again. 

I smoked in the afternoon after eating my sandwich. I broke the fast earlier. After the coffee finished brewing, I ate the cookies that I brought from the lab. Someone is cooking in the kitchen and it smells really good. It might be Alda, because they're chicken tenders in the oven.

Tomorrow I could eat one of the frozen burritos. No, I should eat the food that is going to spoil soon. Maybe the wienner sausages with spinach and rice. That sounds really good, actually.

I got distracted again. The output files finished downloading. I view a couple, but I'm not entirely sure what I am looking at. I feel so stupid, like an impostor. He's going to figure me out. He's starting to. 

I keep grabbing my phone looking for something. Like if there was some new message or e-mail or something in there. All of the emails in my mcgill email are sorted into different folders. That was a waste of time, probably. I should go to the lab tomorrow. It's harder to procrastinate in there. Should I wear the contacts? I could try, I guess. 

I was saying, my eyes feel weird. Tired. I don't know if it's because of the lenses or the allergy symptoms I had earlier. I sneezed a lot and had a runny nose. I took some antihistamines and they did some work, but I'm still not feeling totally well. 

If I'm not feeling that well, I should not go. I'll stay here. I don't know.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-22
Words:   789
Minutes: 115

"I have something to confess to you. Well, not really confess, but I want to come up clean."

And while Alda was sharing with me a deep pain that was afflicting her, I was too busy inside my own mind, wondering about the subtle signs that suggested that she knew my own secret.

"I have proof of you repenting." Vix, next to me, opened his phone and played a video for us to see. We were sitting inside Brewskey's and at the same time I was sitting inside a confessionary. The masculine features and mannerisms were highlighted because of the alcohol. I could not see anything else. Fortunately, shortly the camera moved away from me. Aiden, Lizzy, Karina. We were all drunk. I was the only one that was called 'bro' that night.

I threw up in the kitchen sink. I remember turning away from Alda and just started spitting out clear water while I held my hand up signaling her to give me a moment. Those were some of the last memories I have from last night. Not much later after that, I realized that I was way too drunk. The more time I'd wait, the harder would it be to take out the contact lenses. I went into the restroom and tried taking them out. My intentions were to take them off quickly and go back with Alda. It wasn't easy, though. I might have scratched my left eye. When I returned, Alda was gone. There was a message from her asking me if everything was alright. Her messages were messy. I think it was then when she told me she had thrown up, too.

Yesterday I showered and went to the lab. I had the office to myself. As I told Sonny, almost every week I worry that Louis is going to be disilussioned with me. The facade is going to come down and he'll realize that I am not worth the stipend that pays me. And then, at the meeting, somehow he seems happy and hopeful about my progress. How can he be so understanding and encouraging? 

I think it was in the morning, when Alda told me that Vix had invited us to go to Hurley's in the evening. After my meeting with Louis, I took my things and left. I made a stop at the SAQ before going home. I bought a bottle of Jack Daniel's apple licquor.

Alda offered to cook some chicken tenders for the both of us. "I don't know what to eat them with." She went to take a shower while they cooked. I had the idea of cooking the noodles. I could share them with her. That's what we ate. I put on some make up. I liked the lipstick, but the blush was a huge mistake. It does make a difference applying make up when I can see my face clearly. 

I'm excited about going home. 

I don't feel the energy to finish these words. I am tired, but I might have a bad time getting to sleep anyway. I didn't go to the gym today, either. It's been two days that I've skipped now. It will be harder to go next Monday. I feel hungry right now, even though I've eaten way more than these past recent days. 

I cooked a pot of white rice. In the morning I cooked the sausages with some spinach. I had those with the rice and a couple of fried eggs. This was after having a bite of bread and throwing up in the toilet. Later, after having a nap, I had the rest of the rice with another fried egg and two slices of ham. I feel chubbier, even though I probably look the same. 

I should go right now and sign up for the gym. Maybe not in the weekend, but Monday. I could go to the gym in the morning and then going to the lab. 

I have 28 contacts left.  I guess I could always buy more if I need them. I had decided not to spend too much money for the rest of the month. Just last night, I think I spent close to 100 dollars. Was it worth it?

"All of this almost amkes me want to start dating again."

Nobody paid attention to what I said. They usually don't. I need to have more pictures of me. Maybe at the beach with Sonny. Monica said that she did want to go to the US. It would be really fun. 

Anahi invited me to go to the university. That would be fun, too. For a moment I considered telling her that I had dreamed about us going there with Catherine. I don't know why. 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-23
Words:   762
Minutes: 32

"No te pasa que sueñas con alguien que es amigo que no tienes interés amoroso y tienes un sueño romántico con esa persona?"

It's night outside already. I'm looking out the window as if I am waiting for someone. It's my house, my parents' house. I guess this is Tijuana. Mona enters through the door but it's not the Monica I know. This is man with blond, chestnut hair and fair skin. His house must have been really close, because I suddenly am aware of why he had left. He had to tell his parents about coming back here. He makes a comment about explaining them something.

We're suddenly in my bedroom. I am lying on my bed and he's to my side. We're talking about something. I look at his hands. His fingernails are reddish. He extends his arm and I grab his fingers to admire his colors. Red Oak. They look so pretty and he's proud of them. He explains to me he just did them recently.

I feel so comfortable to his side. My hand is on his side. There is a sheet inbetween, but I still feel the movement of his hands underneath. I look his way and can't stop thinking about how much I want him to grab my hand. Maybe if I leave it there a little more he'll get the hint. Meanwhile, I keep feeling his fingers. 

He starts saying something. We talk about seeing each other. He was thinking about why does he necessarily have to wait until the seventh or the second for us to see each other. 

"...I mean, I really want to see you. Why do we need to wait?" 

"No... I want to be with you, too", I look up to meet his eyes. He's right next to me, yet I want him to get even closer. He says something about going dancing. I wonder about how his lips would feel. 

And just like that, I woke up. As a reflex, I closed my eyes instantly as if that would bring me back to that temporal reality. It was gone. I opened my eyes resigned, and just stayed lying there for a moment. 

Just hours before I had replied to her message. I woke up and saw her message that she was still at the funeral. She had asked me earlier to send her a message to distract her and explained that the mother of the engineer whom she actually likes had died. Her message around midnigh said how she wanted to leave, but his friend was at the chapel and she hadn't said goodbye to him yet. 

"Sí te fuiste? Haha", I sent her before going back to sleep and dreaming she was a boy.

After I woke up, I saw her reply stating she left an hour after that. So, I quoted her question about romantic dreams and told her about mine. 

"I'm so sorry"

"Why?", she replied. 

I told her I did not know. I had dreamed with her before, like those more usual dreams where I am the guy and we kiss and touch each other. I did not tell her about that one, though. Was I apologizing for that? Was it because in my dream she was a man and I liked him? 

"Pues yo también he tenido dirty reves contigo!" 

I asked her more, but she said she wasn't elaborating more because she was just waiting for her friend to pick her up. They were going to go looking for flowers. 

I told Sonny about the dream, too. She was talking about these girls they met and how they invited them to a queer party. 

"Y que, te prendió pensar en la Mona?" 

Yeah, it actually did. More and more I get curious about the idea of being with a man. But... 

Later, the conversation with Sonny went back to she hitting on me and making some flirty comments that first were just uncomfortable and then pissed me off. I told her that maybe it wasn't such a good idea about me going with them to the beach. I'll be with her at her house for a week. What will I do if she does something? She might try to do something and then feel bad when I don't reciprocate. I should probably look for an airbnb at least. It will be pretty expensive. 

When I sent her those messages, for a moment I feared that she would agree and I'd have to do all sort of arrangements. What am I getting myself into?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-24
Words:   759
Minutes: 45

"Sophi, que ya no quieres ir a Vallarta por culpa de la Sonia? No le hagas caso, ayer nos pusimos una señora peda y al parecer le gusta escribir de más cuando está peda... Pero, vamos, te prometo que le pego si te acosa." 

I had some dreams, but nothing interesting. Last night, after taking the pills I felt so tired it was hard to stand up. Like I had said to Calli, and then later to Dr Perera, as soon as I laid my head on the pillow I could not fall asleep. 

I didn't do nothing interesting the whole day. I re-read Monica's messages and started worrying about why she wouldn't have said anything later. She was the one that said she had had dreams with me. Surely, that wasn't it. I sent her a message asking her how the day was with her new friend. She replied that it went very well, and had gone out with her friends. 

She saw, and liked, the new Dune movie. I was just wondering about sending a message to Alda asking her if she wanted to go and see it. I didn't want to go out tonight, so at the end I decided against it. Maybe I can send her a message tomorrow.

Do I even want to see it? 

I watched a movie, that even after less of half-a-day later I don't even remember much about. Right, it was about two straight women that kissed and then one got married. I didn't like it, but at least I finished it. The one before was also about two women, but these were lesbians. One of them was the girl from arrested development and the other one was Spaniard. It was weird and not really good. The other one was about two jewish women. That one I didn't finish.

Maybe I just wanted to see something romantic to satisfy the itch that that dream left me.

I painted my nails. Fingers and toes. Black again. I thought about using the blue color of those pictures. I think those might be the oldest pictures that I liked when I took them and still do. Most of the pictures of those first couple of years I liked so much when I took them. It was the first times that I looked at a picture of me and didn't feel apathetic to them. I smiled sincerely and thought I looked fine. Now, of course, I see them and cringe. 

I've been losing some weight lately, but maybe I'm starting to get it back. This past week I skipped the gym twice. I've also been feeling very hungry. I signed my name in the gym sheets again. This time I reserved earlier spots. Hopefully I'll be able to get up tomorrow and actually go. 

I cooked one of the chicken thighs and bathed it in buffalo sauce and put that inside a sandwich.
The ranch and hot sauce are almost finished. Soon, I will need to buy more food. The mayo and mustard have close to nothing left, as well.

After finishing I felt pretty hungry still. I looked into some delivery apps wondering if I ordering something was a good idea. I craved something sweet and sugary. I browsed the pastries and donuts. I was tempted by a couple of places, but decided against it. Instead I put on shoes and walked to the depanneur. I looked at the cookies and the pastries. In the end I paid for a box of maple biscuits with the spare change I had lying around. 

I ate half of it. I feel pretty full. Maybe it wasn't the best idea. 

I thought about going to the lab tomorrow. Tomorrow there will be a Neuro meeting. Cassandra sent some papers to read, we're all going to comment on them. I think I should read them. I don't want them to think how much of an idiot I am. 

I already had my sleeping pills. Perhaps I could just wake up tomorrow and read them before the meeting. I'm starting to feel sleepy and it's not even 8pm.

What else could I write about? Tomorrow I have lots of stuff to work about. Hopefully the gym gives me energy. 

Even now, I feel discouraged to go back to sleep. I don't want tomorrow to come. I want to rest. Why am I so tired? Out of nowhere I'm starting to feel nervous about tomorrow. "We will take turns explaining different parts of the papers." This didn't happen before. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-25
Words:   784
Minutes: 28

I took my sleeping pills. I didn't do any coding today and I feel like the whole day was wasted. I couldn't remember if I had already taken the night pills or not. Hopefully, I didn't. 

I woke up in the middle of the night, I think. If I did, I went back to sleep until a more reasonable hour. Maybe 6, 5 at the earliest. These sleeping pills really mess me up. I can't think straight. The memories are foggy. I did some stuff in my phone, but don't remember exactly what. It wasn'y any interesting conversation. Sonny wouldn't send me a message until later in the day. 

I got up and watched the episode of Y: The Last Man. It was fine. It ended at the precise time that I had to leave for the gym. This time, I used the elliptical. Not even 15 minutes later, I left. The blonde cleaning girl was around the gym. It wasn't her, honestly, why I decided to leave. I got very tired and stopped every other 5 minutes. There was no point continuing. I looked to grab the paper towel and the spray bottle, but she had them. She might have seen me, because she came towards me and handed it to me. I cleaned the machine and left. 

There was no point, really, but I showered anyway. My tootbrush is in a bad shape. I should replace it soon, even though it's not been three months since I got it. The conditioner might finish soon, too. Did I look about those in Amazon? No, that also happened later. This is where Sonny sent me a message asking me how I was doing. Last night I browsed AirBnB looking for a place to stay before the trip to Vallarta. I made no mention of it to her. 

I read the papers for the meeting. It went fine. I made only one small participation. During the meeting, Cassandra sent me a message on the side asking me if I ended up contacting Mahsa about the lists. I lied and said that I had drafted an e-mail. "I'll send it after the meeting". I did. 

"...so I'm not sure if you can replace me (maybe ask him?!)..." 

I was cooking pasta when I read that message. Maybe it had been a mistake to contact her. Louis would be upset about it. God, sometimes I can be such an idiot. 

I asked Monica's opinion. She told me to calm down, she read it as just an emphatic question.

I hope she's right. Mahsa didn't answer my reply. I told her that I would ask Louis for his opinion. This time I did draft the e-mail. I'll send it tomorrow before Calli's appointment. 

I know what I should talk with Calli. I can't continue ignoring it. I am even aware that me avoiding it means it is important. I'll start with the meeting this Wednesday about being trans in academia. 

I started monologuing —like I tend to do— about how I would start. I starting telling the empty air that I had to do 100 hours of therapy to get my license in Mexico. How those hours were psychoanalysis. No, I would start by asking how are we supposed to be working. That's when I'd mentioned how I got used to the psychodynamic method of just talking my head out. Then, the disclaimer would come that by that point I had not come out, even to myself, so it was basically one hour of negation. 

I feel the effect of the pill. My arms feel tired and my fingers numb. Fuck, maybe I had taken the pills before. One extra dosage won't kill me. I should have a method so this doesn't happen. I thought about swapping the bottles from my desk after taking them. If it's morning and the hormones are on the desk, it means I haven't taken them. If they're there at night, on the other hand, it would mean that I've already swapped the night pills, so I'm done for the day. Yeah, that should work and it's simple enough. I'm so smart, sometimes. 

I'll go to the lab tomorrow. The Steven Universe t-shirt came in the mail today. Nobody will get the costume. As I told Monica, I'll just take a picture and post it on Instagram to get attention from my gay friends.

I spent an hour or two looking for caring methods and products for my curly hair. Are those also stuff that I don't really need? I've been looking myself differently in the mirror. I like what I see. Maybe I can spare to spend some money on feeling pretty. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-26
Words:   764
Minutes: 75

Last night, after taking the pill I went straight to bed. Still, I could not sleep. I kept wondering about what I was going to talk about in my session with Calli. The last time that I looked at the time, it was around 3 am. 

The alarm sounded at 8 am. I don't remember what I was dreaming about, but the sound of the phone grasped me and pulled me back to the real world. I postponed the alarm for another 10 minutes, but didn't sleep any more. 

I grabbed my clean underwear and contact lenses and went to the restroom. It was empty and the shower curtains were dry. This time I got before Armando. Last night I bought some of the stuff that I had in my shopping cart of Amazon. I went into this rabbit hole learning about how to treat curly hair. I bought some stuff I do need, like toothpaste and a set of toothbrushes. But I also got some stuff that I honestly I could go without, like a hair dryer, hair gel, and some scrunchies and a silk scarf. 

The shampoo and conditioner are stuff that I can go without. And so, I moved them to the 'save for later' page. The whetstone that I also considered buying is also there. Just now I started to think how even though I wanted to spend the less amoung of money possible, I'm going to cut it real close to the needed 500 dollars savings after the month. 5 days left. I still need to buy food. Tomorrow, I'll make the shopping list.

The time it took me to shower was even shorter than usual even though I implemented some of the new hair routine that I researched. I showered normally. After finishing, I put the cream on my soaking wet and wrapped the hair with my used t-shirt. I had washed my hair before...

The pills are taking effect again.

I had washed my teeth before showering. So, the first thing I did after stepping out of the tub was to wash the cream from my hands and give the lenses a try after the moments of drunk panic that other night. 

I had the idea of starting with the left eye, since that's the one I always struggle with the most. It was a good idea, I guess. It wasn't that the left eye is more difficult just because it's the second, and thus starting with it balanced things a little.

The heat of the washroom and the sweat from my nervousness made things a lot more difficult than usual. I couldn't open my eyelids with my fingers. They kept slipping and my eyes seemed even smaller. After a couple of tries, I shaved and exited the bathroom. 

As soon as I opened the door, I heard Armando's creeked. I felt a bit guilty, in case that it had taken me a lot of time. When I enetered my room, the screen of my phone showed that it was 8:45. It hadn't been that long. And also, I had another hour before leaving.

I talked about what I wanted. I mentioned my previous therapists, and those dating weeks. Molly was the setup of everything, Flore was the bomb that would eventually destroy me and Alice was the spark that triggered everything. 

After the session, I walked to the lab. I was alone most of the day. I did do some work, but nothing significant. I sent the draft of the e-mail to Louis, but I'm not sure if he saw it. Around lunchtime he was heating some soup in a tupperware just when I exited the office. We chatted for a bit and never mentioned the e-mail. 

I told Monica about the night with Alda when she shared with me what had happened with that guy. As soon as I mentioned it, I realized how I was actually breaking her trust. How shitty of me to tell something so personal and private. Did Monica notIced that, too? 

Less than 100 words. I feel exhausted. Hopefully, tomorrow will be easier to get up in the morning.

It's like my thought was in my mind and then suddenly it was just gone. I need to do more work. No, I'm fine. Calli asked me to give her guilt, put it in her hands and leaving it in her consultory after I left when our session ended. 

Tomorrow it's the Trans in Academia event. I made no mention of it today. I had just forgotten until this very moment.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-27
Words:   794
Minutes: 76

The Tea4T conference for trans and nb people in academia just ended. It was 2 and a half hours of my life that I won't get back. 

I told Monica how I think I have some prejudices towards non-binary people.

I had forgotten again about the zoom thing. It suddenly reappeared in my mind half an hour before its start. Last night I followed Calli's suggestion about paradoxical sleeping, so I grabbed my ipad and started viewing Mythical Quest. All day I've been watching it while I do some work. When I remembered today's event I was just finishing the special epsode about the pandemic. I really liked it. It almost made me cry. 

I logged into the Zoom conference and of course there was issues with Zoom. First it crashed, so I had to kill the process and re-run Zoom. After doing that, there were issues with my microphone and camera, fortunately I wasn't planning on turning either of them on. Somehow I felt the need to look at the list of participants. Most, almost all of them, had their pronouns right next to their name. Just a handful, at most, were the only ones who didn't have them. From the 40 something participants, more than thirty used they/them pronouns. 

I reviewed the names of the list as if I were to recognize anyone in there. Curiously, I actually did. Saren Seeley. She was also in Seattle for Neurohackademy. Melvin and her and I. I guess we're the full trifecta. 

I don't really feel like talking about that event. 

I woke up around 5 am yesterday. Felt pretty tired by this hour last night and still I could not fall asleep. Again, it was maybe around 3 or 4 in the morning the last time I saw the time. I postponed the alarm as I resigned that I wouldn't be going to the gym. I feel like I've written this exact same paragraph before. Is it a deja vu or is my life this predictable now?

Cassandra sent me a message through teams in the morning. Had I contacted Mahsa at all? She was going to have her meeting with Louis and would like to give him an update. I saw it two hours later. I told her I had sent Louis an e-mail yesterday but he didn't reply back. I forwarded it to her. Her meeting was going to be 30 minutes after our conversation. I didn't hear back from her after. 

In the afternoon, Mahsa sent me a message, too. She wanted to know if I had asked Louis. She started the QC and was seeing how he had some warning images as well. I told her about Cassandra's meeting and my own tomorrow. I would let her know as soon as I had any information. 

I just took my night pills. 

I did some laundry today. Although I didn't make much progress, I now have the plan of what and how I need to program.

Did something happen with Cathe... what? Why did I started to write the name of my ex. Oh, I feel the effects of the pill again. Maybe I should take them exactly before bed. After finishing the last 200 words, I'll do that. 

Did something happen with Monica and Sonny? I feel as if it did but can't really remember. Monica sent me a message of a picture of Eusebio and Jessica asking me if I thought they were going to get married at the Valley, in the vineyards. I told her how I wasn't invited, and honestly it did hurt a little.

I'm starting to feel a little nauseous. Maybe it would be a good idea to pull back on the dosage.

The hair packages haven't arrived. They probably will tomorrow. 

I made some tomato sauce and cooked eggs with tortillas. Tomorrow I'll cook pasta with the remaining marinara sauce. I considered going to the lab tomorrow, but that wouldn't be a good idea. I need to save some of the lense and I'll ge out this Friday. As I was cooking Alda came and said something that I didn't quite hear because of my headphones. After I asked her to, she repeated herself and said that Karina had told her they were planning to make some reservations for going out on Friday to some bars and clubs. She must have seen my face and interrupted herself that she knew we had the event of her friend. We agreed that we could always meet with them after. 

Should I wear the Steven Universe costume? Should I tie my hair up to mimic his hair, or should I embrace my feminity and go fully cross-gender? Maybe I can ask Monica or Sonny for their opinion.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-28
Words:   756
Minutes: 78

I don't want to write the words. I was going to say  that I skipped the gym today, but that's not true. It was yesterday. Tomorrow is the other day that I signed up. Will I go? 

Last night I took my pills and the same thing happened again. Nausea and extreme exhaustation but after lying down, I could not fall asleep. Even after masturbating, I just stayed there, "resting", like Calli said. In the morning, I desactivated the alarm and just stayed in bed for most of the morning. I really needed it. 

Last night I was OK with the progress I have. I could tell Louis that the coding is done and I'm waiting for the jobs in Niagara to finish. Sure, it would be even better if by our meeting I would actually finish the code.

I brewed a cup of coffee and sat by my desk around 11am. I worked. And the code is finished. Kind of. I only need to double check that everything is written in a way that it does what I actually want it to do. I'm actually proud of some of the stuff I wrote. There are some lines that are quite elegant. I wouldn't mind actually submitting a PR to the github repo. Sure, for that I need to make sure that it in fact does what it should do. 

Louis asked me how I've been and I lied like I always do. I didn't shower. Hopefully it's not too obvious. He said that I looked tired. I took his invitation and actually told him the truth. As a matter of fact, I've been having insomnia and my sleeping pills don't seem to be working. 

We talked about the situation with Mahsa and the QC lists. Do I really want to talk about that? I don't want to talk about anything really. I still feel full and I'm tired. In the morning, when I was still on bed under my sheets, I felt my stomach and remembered that picture of me in a similar position looking down to the thickness of my body. 

I took a picture of me pulling my shirt up. I am way thinner. It's not just my imagination. I sent the picture to Monica. She agreed and asked me why do I think that is. Why is it? it's not the first time that I fast. I've literally been doing this for more than a year. Am I bordering again on an eating disorder? After the meeting with Louis I ordered the pizza from Door Dash. The delivery was free and on top of that they gave me 50% off. I picked it up from the lobby. I'm watching 'The Morning Show'. I grabbed two slices, big ones, half a bowl of spaghetti and the plate of fries. I'm actually a little bit worried that it counts as binge eating. 

Kory sent me a message earlier today. I had been remembering about him, as I told him. He asked me how I've been doing and if I had plans for Halloween. He also sent me this info of a party in a secret location. It looked so cool. That made me think about the costumes. 

Tomorrow I'll dress up as Steven. That's the plan. Alda sent me a message asking me if we could share the internet again. She's so frustrated with the internet of the building, she doesn't mind paying me again. I felt a little bit guilty about changing the name and password, but decided against making any kind of explanations. We talked about that, the pizza that I left for them and the parties. She asked me if she looked like dexter, so we started taking about the costumes. I considered sharing with her how I wondered about dressing as a schoolgirl. 

I didn't though. Instead I sent a message to Anahi. 

Yesterday —or was it today?— Sonny asked me to buy her the Harry Potter costume. I told her that I had the cape, but didn't know if L had it or my ex. L replied back and said it wasn't in my closet. 

I told Sonny that if she asked my ex personally, I'd give it to her. If she really asked her I would pick it up personally. No, even better, I would ask Monica to pick it up, she would totally do it. 

"A huevo lo hago, haha, eso dije antes de leer el 'she'd totally do it'".

Why do I want this to happen?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-10-31
Words:   1657
Minutes: 45

I signed up again to the monthly challenge of this website, even though I have missed several days this month. A couple just these past two days. I started writing in my phone as I was sitting on Vix's couch. Similarly to how I would take out my phone and type in the notes when I was very drunk. I wasn't that drunk, though.

I wore the Steven Universe t-shirt Friday. That's how I logged in to Teams for the social meeting of the lab. Nobody saw my shirt. I put on my contact lenses just after showering. 

Did we pre-drink before leaving? I don't reallly remember. Maybe I was still disgusted by the alcohol. I remember serving myself some whiskey in the shot glass and struggling to finish it. Was it that time? It must be. 

I took some pictures but hated most of them. My face was how I remember looking after taking my glasses off. I deleted several before finally settling on one and posting in on Instagram. I had some attention there. Paty didn't say anything, though. Did I expect her to? 

We went to Alda's labmate's show. It was supposed to start at 9:30, with the doors opening half an hour before. We made a stop at a depanneur to buy a bottle of water. A couple of blocks before arriving we realized it was 9:30 already. I started getting a little nervous that the show would had already started or we wouldn't be able to find seats. We got there around 5 minutes after the supossedly starting time. There was a line outside. The doorman kept telling the people that there was an atm machine they could use if they wanted to drink, because the night was cash-only. 

The show didn't start until half an hour later. Vix's crew were going to go to some house party in Laval. They offered to pick her up, but there was only one available seat left. We could order an uber and meet them there. Alda checked the prices and the one way trip was around 47 dollars. We decided to stay. There was no point.

No, Alda told Vix that if he had taken a car, maybe he could come pick us up. He said they hadn't arrived there. When they finally did, it wasn't much later that they decided to bail. Karina would tell me later that night in spanish how the place was really sketchy. It was when they tried to sell them a bottle of booze that they just left. 

They sent Alda a message about going to Club Unity. We could meet them there, it was only 20 minutes away walking. Several times we thought about leaving, but didn't. There was one blonde girl who would go and help clean and grease the poles between every dance number. She was wearing red underwear. I don't know what was it from her that I liked? She wasn't the thinnest, nor the more muscular, nor the curviest. She wasn't the only blonde girl, either. What was it? 

She never danced. 

We left at the very end of the show. It was past midnight. Maybe we could still meet them at the club. Alda called Vix, but she felt him weird. Karina replied to her telling her she was home, but Alda didn't believe her. I don't remember now how things happened, but after considering going home, we turned around and walked towards the club. When we got there, we saw at the entrance there was a 15 dollar cover fee. Alda asked the guy if he would let us in for half the price, since it was already very late. He said no. Minutes later we decided that we could pay, and he discouraged us. There were not serving any alcohol anymore, and they would close in half an hour. It wasn't worth it, he said. It wasn't. We waited for them outside the club. 

The vibe was weird. They looked at us coldly. Lizzie, Karina, Samantha and Vixen. They were wearing costumes, too. The plan was to go back to Vix's house. Lizzie left with the guy that she met after Brewskey's. Something happened with Sam, her stuff was at some dude's place, her phone was going to die. Vix drove her home. The detour lasted around an hour. 

When we got to his place, I told Alda that I'd be taking my lenses off. It was around 16 hours since I had put them in.

Karina fell asleep on the couch, as we were watching a horror movie. I met other two of Vix's roommates. We walked home.

Yesterday I woke up in the afternoon. I sent a message to Kory asking him if he had gotten the location of the party. "Not yet". I didn't hear from him later. 

I smoked with Alda in the afternoon and talked about the plans for later. She wasn't sure if she wanted to go out. That made me feel disappointed. Why did I want to? 

I put on the outfit. The red pleated skirt and the white blouse. Wearing it tucked in seemed weird to me. I know it looked sexy, and that's how it should be for the costume. I remembered Catherine once telling me that the top is supposed to go tucked in with the skirt. I don't know what was it exactly, but the look of the loose shirt hanging just above the end of the skirt, that I really liked. 

I didn't know how to style my hair. I thought about braiding it, tying it up, wearing a low ponytail. By the end, I did a half-up. It was fine.

We stopped at metro to buy some drinks for the house party. We got there, and waited outside the building for the rest to arrive. We joked how they would take revenge from the night before and make us wait. They didn't. 

The party was weird. Several times I didn't know how to approach people or what to say. Several times I was left alone, stranded in the middle, not knowing where to look nor whom to talk or listen. 

Molly was there. And with her was Molly. I tried to ignore her for a while. I was standing close to the balcony door when I didn't know where to turn. I made the wrong choice and saw her talking with Alda. She pretended to have just recognized me and said Hi. Maybe she did only then realize who I was. Maybe I was the only one who pretended to only have just seen her. 

Somehow I was left talking with Molly. The other Molly. Did she asked specifically about me doing Neuroscience? Maybe Alda said something before I turned. She did a master in Psychiatry, even though I think there is no such thing. She worked with memory. After a couple of minutes, she reminded me of the last girl I went on a date with when she told me she was going to go with Molly but it was nice talking to me. 

Not much later, they left. They were some of the first to leave.

I told Monica several people really like my skirt, but I only really remember Raven —Martha— complimenting it. I complimented her costume. I told her it was my favorite of the night. I think I said it several times, pathetically. She kept showing me her butt. It did look very good with her leotard and tights. 

When we were talking she mentioned her recent breakup and her boyfriend cheating on her. Like the shitty person I am, the first two thoughts I had was that she probably was straight, and that she was too drunk. I kept seeing her friends, second Aiden and the Hamburgler taking care of her. 

When they talked about leaving, I wanted to stay. I went there to say goodbye. It made no difference. 

Aiden was with us. He made several comments that were I not sure he sees me as a guy I would think were he hitting on me. I made a comment on how I really liked this girl but she probably was straight. And maybe she was too drunk, anyway. Vix made a comment saying that I could had just asked for her number. He's right. I want to say that I didn't think it through, but even if I had, and wanted to, I wouldn't have known how, nor dared. 

After that, Aiden returned to the party. He said something about not wanting to go to that bar.

Lizzie was not drinking. She's taking a month without alcohol. I've done that before. It was right after the Christmas Party of 2018. 

"You already knew who he was, right?", asked me Lizzie about Jimmy. 
Later, when we walked home, Alda made some comment that made me think she did feel a little betrayed that I had talked to him. She was right, though, he was charming. His talk made me feel interesting and listened to. I hated every moment of it. 

We played pool at the bar. Vix later would tell me, after saying how a lot of people were hitting on Alda, that one of them seemed to be into me. I couldn't be less interested, and yet it felt nice and I wanted to know more. 

They kicked Alda out and everyone who was with her. I was left inside playing pool. I was way too drunk, so it seemed that I didn't know what I was doing. Vix told me about the kicking out and I saw one of the waitress putting the chairs up. I saw there was still half of the pitcher of sangria there so I drank more than I should have. 

It was raining when we walked back to Vix's. Either I don't remember much of what happened in there or it wasn't important.

