------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-01
Words:   757
Minutes: 23

Today is the first day of the monthly challenge and I was getting ready to go to bed when I realized I had forgotten about these. 

Thelma sent me a message a couple of minutes ago. I remember Abyss was the first person I heard that said he was annoyed by people chatting you up before telling you what is it that they need. Rubi was the second. 'Why can't they be direct? I don't need to be asked how I'm doing or how my life has been. If you need something just ask for it, we don't need to lose time'. She asked me if I wasn't living in Tijuana. Then she made some small talk about my job, what I am doing.

"A que te dedicas? Siempre pensé que serías escritora."

Was it then when I shared my notebook with corny poems? No, that was junior high. I met Thelma in high school. The first year when I was with Manuel and Alan. I thought about Medrano telling the Letters' teacher about my skills for writing. But Medrano wasn't with me that year. How did he know that teacher? Was it Manuel? It doesn't matter. 

When I told her that the border was just going to open up, she replied back that not until january. I freaked out a little bit, but after researching it, all the news state that the november 8th opening is still up.

I didn't sign up for the gym today and still felt a little guilty.

I don't remember what I did in the morning. I just brewed the coffee and watched the final episode of Y. I didn't do much work before the Neuro meeting. I did shower before that. This time I didn't style my hair. I just washed it and let it air dry. It was tied up with a scrunchy for the meeting. I didn't read the papers today, either. Louis shared another one following up the one that Reza sent. I managed to give out a comment about it, which made me look that I had really read them. Cassandra is supposed to select the next person to present. I am nervous that I will be selected. I don't know why does it scare me. 

After the meeting and a little work I ate the leftover sushi. It was alright. I enjoyed it but I don't think I would buy it again. At least not for full price. Later in the evening I reheated one of the burritoes in the oven. It was really good, much better than the ones heated in the microwave. The tortilla got burnt a little, but still it was very enjoyable.

I had thougth that I would go tomorrow to the MNI and work in the office. I need to buy some groceries. Now that I think about it, it might be better if I stay here. The Amazon package is supposed to arrive tomorrow. The 150 dollar kindle is going to be in there, and I don't want to risk it getting stolen. There's no reason why it should be, but still. I can see receiving a call from the courier to tell me to open the door. I rather be here to answer him than tell him that I am not in the house and to leave it there. 

What else happened? 

I payed the rent, Armando sent the hydro bill. I asked him if he was going to transfer the account to one of us. After the meeting I made an account to transfer the contract to myself. When I asked them, Alda told me that she could be in the contract or not, she didn't mind any way or the other. For myself, in the title I put Ms. When I had to put the data for another person, the only titles available were Mr. and Mrs. I joked that they would assume that we were married. 

"If you're fine being wives, I just need your SIN and an email"

"Hahah, oh well I guess I'm married now. I'll send you via text."

"What a weird way of saying 'I do'"

"What a way to ask"

We laughed about it. And kept joking about it. Later, when she sent me her information by sms, her last message said: 

"Anything else darling?" 

I know it's so stupid, but when I read it, I felt a faint tingling in my stomach. It's been so long since I felt something similar. I really am starved for affection, I guess

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-02
Words:   792
Minutes: 59

When I was a child, I would count the days until Christmas Eve. Ever since I can remember, it was the eve that excited me, not so much Christmas itself. Sure, the family dinner and the trip to Mexicali were nice, but the best part, to me, was the excitement and minute counting to midnight. 

It wasn't really about the toys, was it? It was the opening them, finding out if my guesses were accurate, being surprised by the results. After midnight, especially for a young kid, there was no much time for actually using those new treasures. Why, then, wouldn't the Christmas mornings have a preferred spot in my memories? Those would be the times where would I actually get to enjoy to bounty.

By then, though, most of the excitement would have dissipated. 

I feel a little bit like that right now. It's not just with the kindle after setting it up and letting it to the side in my desk. It's everything. I have a salary, not only do I live alone with my own money, but it's in a different country, far away from home. Why am I not happy? I made it. I got it. Everything is good and what I ever wanted. It's Christmas morning, and instead of playing I'm just sitting here thinking about the next Christmas Eve. 

I am sitting in my room in my apartment in Montreal and I keep thinking about flying and going back home.

...

I'm not halfway done, and already it's hard to focus and finish this. A similar thing happened in the morning. I brewed my coffee before Armando left. I got out of bed and my eyes felt heavy and tired. I returned with my cup to the desk and got to work. All of the tasks of MAGeT have finished. Now, the next thing was to test with only a single subject. First with the status command, as that does everything but actually sent the jobs to the queue system. There were a couple of bugs, but fixing them turned out to be quite easy. 

I got distracted again. And, again, still not even halfway done. This month will turn out to be harder than I would have expected. 

There is a smell coming from the kitchen. I'm not sure if I heard the noise of the oven. Maybe someone is cooking something. The idea of going to the kitchen and serving me a shot of the apple licquor is looking my way with a smile.

Earlier today, after I had done some of the work, I sent a message to Alda asking her if she wouldn't mind if I steal a couple of eggs from her. Last night I put down to thaw a chicken thigh and the bag of frozen broccolli. A rice bowl with chicken and broccolli would have been enough, but I always crave fried eggs on top of rice. 

Alda replied back almost instantly telling me to go ahead and don't worry about replacing them. I considered thanking her with a "hun", as a callback to yesterday's joke. A mixture of both being creepy after relying too much on a joke and the image of the stereotype of older trans women overusing 'hun' convinced me otherwise. 

...

Drinking a shot of licquor with the sleeping pills and just going to bed right now seems so appetizing right now. I should stop spending money on things I don't need. Tomorrow I'll go to the supermarché and buy only essential groceries to last me a week, maybe even two. I don't need to buy alcohol, I already have it. There are no plans on going out. We haven't gone to see the Dune movie. Maybe Alda has forgotten already.

Tomorrow I'll go to the lab. It is too cold to wear a skirt, but I really want to. It is so short, though. Last time that I went out with just a hoodie, I regretted it. I'm almost sure that a similar thing will happen if I try it tomorrow. I will go, though. I will wear the contact lenses, too. Last night I calculated that I've worn four in the last two weeks. If I follow the same pattern of use, they will surely last me at least until travelling to mexico city, where I supposedly will take the eye exam and buy more. 

Last night, when I plan today's meal, I thought about eating the rice bowl and then reheating another burrito. I am eating less than normal. Is it depression? Is it anorexia? 

I mean, I am going to serve me alcohol. Maybe I shouldn't discard so easily the idea that there is still deep down something wrong with me.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-03
Words:   767
Minutes: 33

"En la fiesta estaba una morra que no sé si me estaba tirando __les chiens__ o nomás estaba peda. Pero no vuelvo a caer, ya no vuelvo a invitar a salir a nadie de ese grupo."

"Que no las tiradas de onda entre shabas son súper obvias? Según lo que todo mundo me ha dicho."

"Pero yo soy súper wey. Como tres veces me dijo que mi falda era sexy. Me quedé esperando el 'se vería mejor en el piso de mi cuarto'. 

"Ahora que lo pienso, literal se levantaba la capa para enseñarme lo bien que se le veía el culo en el disfraz." 

...la morra literalmente me estaba levantando el culo como baboon. Creo que la del problema soy yo."

I drank my whiskey shot and pills last night. I slept an hour or two before waking up again. This time I grabbed the kindle and continued reading the book about short stories of trans women. The night kept going outside my window until around 3 in the morning when I blinked and it was morning again. 

I considered waiting in my bed until Armando had showered. There was no sounds after 15 minutes, and so I went. Even though I didn't try to put on my contact lenses until after showering, I still had a hard time putting them on. My eyes felt smaller and my eyelids stronger. After successfully getting them in, I left the bathroom and Armando showered. We left almost at the same time.

I'm wearing the black pleated skirt that's similar to the red one that I wore at the Halloween party. Uptop I'm wearing the purple sweater. The tights weren't enough to protect me from the chill winds. It never got under 3°, but it was too much. I don't think I'll wear these skirts again until Mexico. 

My hair does look better. I don't quite get the "breaking the crunch" part of the gel, but my curls look more defined and natural than when I style them myself with my fingers. 

When I thought about today's words, I planned to write a small fragment of myself in the balcony at that party. I would introduce that guy, the computer scientist disguised with a lab coat and a checkered shirt with a tie. I saw him and heard his background and thought about the french computer scientist that I met. Not much later things got weird and I kept looking inside the party trying to find a way out of the conversation. It never occured to me to do as Molly —the other one— would do to me later and just lie about his conversation being nice and getting the fuck out of there. 

I thought about him after I saw the Facebook notification that he had sent me friend request —again, like with the french computer scientist I knew, but this time I wasn't the creepy one. At first I just ignored it and leave it for later. 

I was working and actually being productive before something happened to the PC. The podcast I was listening just came to a sudden stop and, a couple of seconds later, almost everything closed. There was an Input/Output error. I wasn't sure what it meant, but from what I remembered, knew it was a pretty bad thing to happen. I sent a message to Vlad in Teams, and then an e-mail to him and Louis about not knowing what to do. Around 20 minutes later, I took my stuff and left. 

...

The apple whiskey is finished. I came from the kitchen with the last shot of it. There was a sad song playing and I felt the familiar faint heaviness inside my chest. 

...

I don't remember what time it was when I saw his message. After his Hello, he continued talking about science and God. I didn't read the rest. I took screenshots and sent them to Alda, later to Monica, and just recently to Armando. To neither of them did I say that I replied him back: 

"Hello! Yeah, hey, please don't take this personal. I know people get lots out of religion, if that's the case for you, great! But, personally, being queer, I have several bad experiences with religious communities/religion in general, so I would rather not talk about God(s) or religion. I hope you understand!" 

I read somewhere that it's a feminine trait to write several exclamation marks. I don't remember exactly what it meant, but now I wonder if wrote them intentionally or not. 

The 'God(s)' part was a subtle but intentional "fuck you". 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-04
Words:   905
Minutes: 30

"Moni, honestly, do you think I'm pretty?

"I mean, really, not like, you know, how girls between themselves call each other pretty and beautiful as encouragement. Like, I don't really feel attractive, and I'm not even sure is just because of the trans stuff and, and being anxious about looking too masculine. 

"I was telling Armando about Saturday's party and the girl that, I thought, I was kind of flirting with. And, I don't know, I thought Alda, who was also there, perhaps would say different. That she didn't see anything special, or maybe that that girl wasn't that interested.

"And I think _why would she_?...

"I don't know if I've been eating less because of these feelings."

I smoked with Alda on the balcony last night. When I returned to my bed I could finally cry. Monica kept telling me all of the ways she wasn't pretty and I was. The stuff she hated about herself, the unattractiveness of her cousin. She mentioned that picture with my plaid skirt.

After crying, I signed up again in all three of the dating apps.

The only worse thing than having no matches, is getting your first match deleted just a few moments after its inception. It's worse seeing the interest die in front of you than it just never existing since the beginning. There must be something wrong with you if there is something that makes anyone reconsider the idea of meeting you. 

"But seriously, tho, there is not an inch in your body that is unattractive." 

_I can think of three inches_. 

After the deleted match, I kept swiping left in Bumble, maybe to distract myself, perhaps to ease the sting. I stopped at a familiar face. It was the same picture that Flore had put on her newly created Telegram account. There were other new information in there. A different second picture. This time, there was no picture of her in the bikini. 30 seconds later, I put my finger on her face and moved her away. The potential match counter didn't change. It would be interesting knowing what goes through her head whenever she sees my profile. Possibly she wouldn't give me a second thought. What does it matter?, I guess. 

Perhaps it was a bad idea going back, putting myself out there. I'm not ready to get hurt again, and less than 12 hours I'm not having a great start. 

...

Louis sent an e-mail this morning that he had reset the PC in Viper Pit and could login without any issue. It was ready for the admins to be tested. I logged in myself later and all of the files were there. Qrater was down, but it could be started without problems. In any case I made a backup and sent it to my PC here. I also sent an e-mail to them, as if it were going to make any difference. 

...

"Moni, Sorry por ayer, no sé porque me puse muy sensible,", I wrote a minute ago, "thank you for being there". 

I had the urge to somehow bring up the topic about the dating apps, how Flore's profile had shown up. I wanted to tell her that I had discarded her as if it were something to be proud of.
As if somehow that action made any difference at all. 

Deleting the profiles again would be a mistake, but certainly I should limit the amount of time —and thought— that I invest in them. 

...

Someone from the wellness hub called me an hour ago. Dr Perera had requested a follow-up appointment. She was available next Tuesday. So am I, I realized. I'll talk with her a day after talking with Calli. Should I mention this last party to Calli? I worry that I'll focus only on dating and my sensibility to rejection, but it's not just that, is it? It has to do with my own sense of worth, my insecurities. Why did I care about Monica's perception of me just until the point that she started saying good things about me? I've lost the count of the number of times she's mentioned the fine features of my face: "Tú tienes facciones finitas; you know that"; but I remember vividly the moment she assured me that it was obvious my being trans. 

What am I looking to get out of those apps? Is it really dating what I want? I hated most of the dates I went to months ago. Do I want to feel attractive? Desired? I want to feel normal.

...

"No considero que te hayas puesto sensible. _Somos niñas_ y esta sociedad es un asco con estándares imposibles de belleza —a pesar de que existe un boom de inclusión, sigue siendo shitty. Tu reacción, tus pensamientos de inseguridad son válidos."

...

I keep going back over and over to the apps. I'm Sisyphus walking up the mountain. I opened tinder and there are no likes. It's been less than a day, but I've also seen the same handful of people over and over. I might have been shadowbanned as several blogs have posted. 

I was supposed to stop thinking about that. That was the main reason I deleted them, because I got nothing out and my mental health went into a dive. 

I am crying right now, maybe it's the second-hand emotion from last night.

In 15 minutes I have my meeting with Louis.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-05
Words:   778
Minutes: 41

"Quiero tomar y tomarme las pastillas y quedar inconsciente un rato

"...do you think this counts as 'dark thoughts'?"

I kept going back again and again to see if there was anything new in the apps. This morning, when I opened them and was disappointed, I realized that I had gone back exactly to where I was when I deleted them. 

The same group of people kept appearing on Tinder. I looked online to see if it was normal or there were someone else who had gone through the same thing. I tried deleting the app, but even that kept throwing an error. I found out a customer support link and I sent the description of the issue.

On Bumble, after deleting the flags there were more likes but not that much more. I won't find anything in there. A couple of days ago I had thought about sending a message to Vix asking him if they had any plans. I didn't. I sent a message to Alda telling her that we could watch the Dune movie on her projector. She hasn't seen it. Maybe she's busy. Perhaps she went out with Vix and the crew and they porposefully didn't invite me. It wouldn't be the first time. 

...

Vicky didn't accept the request. It hasnt' been denied either, but still. Just now I'm starting to think how it feels exactly as the time that I had sent Flore the Fb request. Which was similar to when I sent the first message to Molly. Maybe that's it, that's the reason it feel so wrong and creepy. 

"Le di follow request a la cat lady en IG, y no sé qué pedo; o sea, I'm not doing anything creepy or wrong. We are/were labmates, I met her in person. No sé por qué me siento como _guilty_?"

I did it —sending the follow request to Victoria— after talking with Armando. Why does it feel wrong? Sometimes talking with Armando, I feel like some days when I talked to Diego and Said. Like I was _of the boys_. It felt dirty, and wrong, and dysphoria-inducing. 

Of course no girl would be attracted to me. 

Sonny is attracted to me. But she doesn't identify as a girl, does she? Monica said I was attractive. But she's not attracted to girls, is she? Cris told Sonny I was attractive. I don't remember exactly if it was that she liked being liked by a girl, or I was the first girl she liked?... What reason is there to discount her, too?

...

I don't remember how it was that I started or why, but I sent Paty a message in Instagram. It was something casual and playful. I offered her to raise some money to buy her a table to put her TV on. She replied later, but kept the conversation going. I playfully flirted once, but I stopped. She didn't give out any signs that it annoyed her, but she also didn't engage with it. Maybe that's it how it happens, how you know where to stop without getting things weird. 

After I replied to her last messages, she hasn't said anything back. Her, Alda, Vicky; what is it today that nobody replies? Why does it bother me so much? 

...

I did not do anything productive today. The minctools stopped working on my PC after the last system upgrade. For a moment I tried fixing it. It was fruitless, so I stopped. 

I logged into the Teams meeting. Louis wasn't in there, nor Vlad, nor any of those who usually keep the conversation going. I muted myself and was distracted the whole hour. 

I keep thinking about Monday's meeting with Calli. I guess I have lots of things to talk about. Am I seeing any changes, really? Is this really working?

Today's dinner was a chicken sandwich. It was satisfying. Nonetheless, I walked to the depanneur and bought a jar of mayo, chips and two ciders. I could swear I saw the mayonnaise was around 3 or 4 dollars. The two ciders were 6. The total was 19 dollars. I was at the parking lot when I decided to turn back and ask. There must have been something wrong. Was the guy trying to scam me? I didn't get a receipt either. 

I asked him if the order was correct and to double check the price of the mayo. It was 7 dollars. and another 7 of the chips. I was wrong. I apologized and left. 

I am drinking the second can of cider. This time I will take the pills. Hopefully I will have a good cry before falling asleep.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-06
Words:   751
Minutes: 22

'I dreamed about you again, this time you were you, not a male version of you', I considered sending Monica moments after waking up. I didn't. 

I untied my hair and went out to the kitchen for something, probably a glass of water for my pills. Armando was there. No. Armando was at the door and I didn't go to the kitchen, but to the restroom. Harraj was at the door, too. He said hi. I didn't understand him, but got his intentions from the context. 

"¿Tú ves Narcos México?", says the message that just lightened up the screen of my phone. I'll answer Armando after I finish with these words. He doesn't reply back to me instantly anyway. Alda did reply back. I don't remember if it was late at night or early in the morning. Her messages were there when I grabbed my phone while I was still in bed. I didn't say anything back. 

Vicky didn't accept the request. I haven't checked to see if she denied it. It's not that I don't care, I do want to know, but, _what is the point?_

I created a new account of Tinder. The same thing happened. Zero likes, the same handful of people appearing after closing the app. I thought about openning up the app and using it in Mexico. Maybe Puerto Vallarta, surely in Tijuana. That might be the main reason why I kept going back. I deleted it without erasing the account another time. I've deleted Hinge and Bumble, too. 

In hinge I only got one like. No, it was one from a woman, but I had several from guys. The likes in Bumble increased after I removed the flags. Still, I got that yellow page that tells you there are no more available people to swipe that matches your preferences. There is no point. Do I even want to go out with anyone? 

Would I had been interested still in _Raven_ had she not shown me any little bit of attention?

...

"Ahí compraste el otro", the phone turned on again. This time it's Sonny. She asked me my opinion on a laptop sleeve that resembled an old leather-bounded book. 'It's something that I'd buy'. One of the phones I had, I kept it with a case just like that. My macbook, on the other hand, had a skin of wood. I looked up something similar and sent it to her. That's probably what she's referring to. 

I keep craving chocolate. Something sweet. Last night I went to depanneur and bought stuff but nothing sweet. I ate the bag of chips and the two cans of cider. I do want alcohol, too. I don't feel that same heaviness in my chest, but I still wish I could cry. 

...

I had thought about telling Anahi about that idea that came to my head of inviting Catherine to our day at the university. 'Have some closure', was the words she used. Why would she want to share that with me and not with her? Maybe she's thinking about going twice? Am I the want that wants Catherine there? It is weird thinking about going back to those place without her. 

I saw her pictures the other day. Not from those years, but recent ones. Pictures she herself posted on her instagram. I still don't want her in my life. I really don't care how she's doing. I have no interest in whether she has finished her associate's degree, or if she's moved on to a 4-year degree, or if she's working now with animals, or if she's still at the Carl's Jr, or if she's left her parents' house. 

I, honestly, don't want to see the rest of the gang, either. I did want to see Paola. I have thought about it several times. Why? What do I want to tell her? What do I want her to tell me? 

...

I ate twice today. I went to the kitchen and made myself some eggs with tomatoes and tortillas. I used only two, because I knew that I wouldn't be able to fast for the rest of the day. A couple of hours ago I cooked the chicken thigh I had left thawing in the fridge with a bowl of rice. 

Am I still hungry? No. I just want to eat. I crave the chocolate, but that's not it either. Yesterday, when I went to the depanneur I also wasn't hungry. I just want to feel something.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-07
Words:   825
Minutes: 23

"I think my tinder account is broken. How am I supposed to find love now?"

I tried to delete the tinder account again. The same error message stating that there was a technical problem and maybe I could try again later appeared on screen. Waiting a couple of hours didn't change anything. 

I woke up _earlier_ today. I was dreaming something, but right now I couldn't really say anything about it's contents. I do remember something. There was a restroom and I tried to go in there. I pulled down my underwear and started peeing, but the urge was still there. It didn't matter how much I was peeing, the need to go stayed the same. I woke up in a panic, and immediately put my hand down my pants to sense their dryness. They were. I got up and went to the real restroom in the real word to pee in a real toilet. 

The second time I woke up, the phone said it was 8 in the morning. I heard noises from the kitchen and thought it was Armando. I decided that it was a good time to get up and tire myself for an earlier nigth. I went to the kitchen to brew my cup of coffee and Alda was in there. She apologized for the noise and I told her that they didn't really bother me.

"Either I am already awake, or I am still asleep and I don't really notice them." 

I showered and clean the apartment. This time I didn't put on any gel or cream and instead I tied it down in a french braid. This time it looked different. It's tighter and cleaner. The three final locks of hair were even in size. Even the top of the head looked really nice. This is the first time that I don't have any hair on my forehead and I don't feel self-conscious about it. 

I deleted tinder from my phone but left the account in there. There's no point in deleting it anyway, as I suspect it's not shown to any people. I kept swiping in Bumble, but I don't see the point. I removed the flags or mentions of my trans history, so the likes I get are insincere. 

I deleted Hinge as well. 

I downloaded Her. This app supposedly made for women. I don't know what was it, but in there I put my gender identity as 'trans woman'. I put on a "Trans Pride" sticker and the trans flag emoticon in my bio. I hadn't even finished my profile when I already had the first like. When I finished uploading the pictores and adding more information, I had another one. None of them were really my type, but I was surprised. 

To them, I was attractive. It didn't matter that I was trans, __openly__ trans. Minas kept telling me I was pretty even after I told her I was trans. She looked at me and said 'of course' under her breath, just like Calli did in our first session. Calli already knew from the referral. Did Minas know from my pictures? That's not the point. 

"Can I hug you? Oh, you smell really nice." 

"Oh, Sofia smells really good", said Brenda after hugging me when we met in Guadalajara, in a tone that suggested that she wasn't really expecting it.

I had two matches in Her and around other 7 likes. Sure, one of the girls didn't really reply to my message, but still.

When I sent it, at first a red exclamation mark appeared next to it warning me that it was not delivered. A flashback to that other girl days ago in Bumble came to me. A similar dread to the one when I realized that Flore had closed her profile. I quickly changed wi-fi networks and the message went through. She didn't reply in anycase. Maybe tomorrow she won't be there. I don't remember her name. Perhaps that's the way to go, don't expect anything at all and that way I won't be disappointed.

...

It's not even 8 pm and I am starting to feel tired. 

I went outside to read, but got busy on my phone. I browsed instagram and stayed at the profile of the non-binary tattoo artist in Mexico City. I looked at some ideas for tattoos. I could send him a direct message in Instagram to set up a consultation, maybe ask him for a personalized design. 

Talking to Sonny, I realized that it's a no go. I will be in Mexico City just a week before going to the beach. Getting a tattoo at that time would be a horrible idea. I considered just asking for the design and looking someone up in Tijuana. Karla Murrieta is an apprentice. Perhaps she would know someone. All the people linked to her studio were cishet-looking guys. I wouldn't want to get a trans-styled tattoo with someone like that. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-08
Words:   767
Minutes: 45

"Es raro, o sea, toda mi vida recuerdo sentirme como alienada, que habia algo 'mal' en mi, pero no sabia que. Me acuerdo que no me gustaba ensuciarme ni jugar rudo o ese tipo de cosas. En el kinder y primaria no me sentia a gusto con los ninos, pero tampoco con los grupos de ninas. Siempre estuvo esa sensacion, pero no sabia ponerle nombre. Y, pues ustedes nunca fueron de 'no, eso es de ninas'. Pero yo tampoco nunca he tenido como gustos muy femeninos de todas formas. Era mas algo propio, siempre tuve la necesidad de cumplir lo que se esperaba de mi, por eso era de dieces; la idea de que ustedes o los profesores se decepcionaran de mi era horrible.

"Me uo, pero el de hombres estaba cerrado. Me decias que entrara al de ninas y yo estaba llorando, porque queria ir al bano, pero 'no podia' entrar a ese porque era de ninas y yo no era una nina. Y tu y Felipe me querian convencer que entrara y yo lloraba mas porque no me entendian. 

"Nunca me gustaban las fotos, ni verme en el espejo. Cortarme el cabello tambien era algo que no entendia porque lo hacia la gente cuando nadie los obligaba. Cuando estaba en la primaria habia una serie. Creo, no se de donde era, como de Colombia o por alla. Salia un nino con el cabello largo, y lo veia y me sentia fascinada por el, porque lo veia y no sabia si era nino o nina y yo queria eso. 

"Entonces el semestre que deje de ir a terapia me empece a acordar de todos esos eventos y suenos y deseos. Y les empece a dar forma. No me quedo de otra que afrontarlos a ir en contra de todo lo que se esperaba de mi.

"Yo ya sabia cuando me fui a Espana. Alla, la primera mitad pensaba en como les iba a decir a ustedes. La segunda mitad, no se que paso, como que me dio panico y di un giro de 180 grados. Me deprimi y baje un monton de peso. Cuando volvi, le di la espalda a Catherine, que era con quien habia explorado todo eso. Volvi a salir con Monica y por unos meses fue como 'volver a la normalidad'. 

"Inconscientemente me deje crecer el cabello otra vez. Meses despues en el hospital un par de veces me vieron como mujer y me tuve que salir al estacionamiento a vomitar. Fue cuando volvi a terapia y me recetaron antidepresivos la primera vez." 

...

I put on Her a 'Trans Pride' sticker and the transgender flag on my Bio. I've matched with a handful of different people. I sent a message to half of them. Nobody has replied back. I don't think any of them will. 

I woke up at the first alarm but postponed it. I cancelled the second one before it could start. I waited until Armando showered before I got the bathroom. I did my hair and dried it with the blowdrier. I wore today the balzer I really like. My contacts went in without much issue. The left one fell a couple of times, but the right one was not a hassle. 

The day wasn't as productive as it could have been, but I still made some progress. Tomorrow morning I should send a message to Gabriel. No, maybe I should just change the labels of one subject and just run that one. Change the labels of all the subjects in a new directory and only run one subject. Yeah, that would be better. 

Chatting with Armando I asked him to go to Thomson House for a beer. I was surprised that he actually agreed. He offered to invite Alda as well. She had her French classes. She's in them just now. I offered to go with her to some pub after. Armando was not up to staying too late today, so Alda proposed to postpone it. 

I made comment non-chalantly that I have been planning to go to this lesbian bar, maybe I could go by myself today. When Alda asked for the name of it and I sent the picture, I realized it was close for today and tomorrow. 

With Calli I spoke about the Halloween party; Molly, Aiden, Martha. I spoke about the trans in academia meeting and my recent feelings of dysphoria. 

I bought a bottle of wine and a bag of chips. The bottle is half empty. Alda offered to roll me a j. I hope her offer still stands when she gets back.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-09
Words:   781
Minutes: 45

"Moni, I know you probably are asleep and won't see this message until the morning, and part of me hopes that, but, anywa... I thought about sending a message to my friend asking her if something happened in DC. Do you think it's a good idea?

"I don't know if I'd dare tomorrow morning, but deep down I wanna know if something happened that night."

"Why?", she replied to me almost instantly. Why, indeed? 

I thought that wasn't anything important. _It was most probably just a dream, flashes of my own imagination; all in my head_. That's what I kept telling myself until I just forgot. Did I tell Monica about it before or after Alda told me about Jimmy? I wish I could see Calli sooner, now. At least I could tell Alda. Maybe one night when we go out to smoke or drink. Perhaps after we go to that NDDQ bar. This time I can give her the shots and just blurt out I also have something to confess to her. 

Last night, Alda came to the balcony after her French class. She brought the joing that she had offered me earlier. It was just for me. I smoked it all. It was smoother, but also stronger. I offered her some wine, but she declined. She would have an early shift this morning. I had it instead.

I talked with my mom. I told her a bunch of stuff about L, and my own past. With Monica I talked about Aliza. Is it really something that is bothering that much? What does it matter if it really happened? Do I feel abused? I mean, it wasn't rape. Not really. At most it was just a violation of my space ...but, what if I was the one who started it? What if I was the one who actually abused her own trust? 

I should let the thought die.

I went outside and sat for a while in my spot. I don't remember what exactly I did there. Just sat there, on the cold, feeling what I don't usually allow myself to feel. 

...

Close to 50 people liked my profile. The same profile with a trans flag. The profile that states 'Trans Pride'. Almost 50 people saw my pictures and liked it, __despite__ the fact that I am not cisgender. 

Why do I still feel so empty? 

Calli is right, it has to do more with how I see my own body, my own self. I hate it. Even though it's slimmer now, even though it is more conventionally attractive, I still hate it. Monica stated all the things she hate about her own body, and for once in all this years that I've known her, there are more things that I prefer about my own body compared to hers. I like my legs better, or my breasts, my small hips, my arms.

"I would literally give my left arm to have had the oportunity of starting blockers when I was 14 years old"; I would give everything I own to have a womb. I don't care if I were to have the most painful monthly pains, even if it was ridden with cysts... 

... 

Last night I kept chatting with Paty. Somehow we got to the topic about the messages I sent her on whatsapp, 'something about nudes'. That day she saw her girlfriend and she had to delete the conversation. Later she would forget about it. 

"Yo no la iba a ver. De hecho por eso te estaba tirando el pedo...

"Sí me acordé en la noche, pero como me quedé igual con ella fue como de 'no mames, se va a ver bien raro; mejor otro día, mañana', pero luego se me fue otro día y pasaron como dos meses, creo, no?"

When I heard her audio, the phone slipped through my fingers and hit my face. A call was made when I picked it up again. I apologized and we kept talking about it. She asked me about my going outs, my job, my life in general. 

"I can't read you", told me Minas. I know now what she meant.

...

The first girl I sent a message through that app just replied back. 

Yesterday, Cake —Clemence—, also replied after I answered the app's question. The conversation died again later. 

Is it about me or them? 

Paty was just telling me how she forgets about things. 

Vicky never accepted the request —but she also hasn't denied it either.

Molly never sent me a message that Sunday. 

Flore deleted Telegram altogether. 

...

I told Sonny that I would tell her about Aliza. Why am I doing this?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-10
Words:   772
Minutes: 37

"Será de 'dejé de estar triste y ahora estoy _horny_ ...y triste." 

Ironically, I was misgendered today when I went to pick up the antidepressants. It hurts. I guess it is still true how that small and insignificant moment can mess up with my whole day. I made the call later today and I will return tomorrow to pick up the estrogen. 

Is it because of that how I am feeling right now? 

Am I jealous of Monica and her last date? Did the chat with Anahi about her crush have something to do as well? The number of people that has liked my profile is now in the low 60s. There are no new matches. Nobody else has continued the conversation either. I don't think any of them will. It didn't bother me before, but now the potential rejection after I like someone's profile stings me. I had to stop. The phone's battery is red and alarming, I don't think I'll charge it until I go to bed in a couple of minutes. I just took the last sleeping pill I'll take in the foreseable future. 

Tomorrow morning I'll start with the escitalopram. The claim is submitted. I won't get the refund until at least a week.

The prepaid card arrived in the mail. There was no second letter with the PIN. When I tried to add more funds to it, the website said that I didn't have any cards. Hopefully it is just a bug that will get fixed on its own in the next couple of days. I don't want to have to call the phone line to inquire about it. 

...

I did some laundry today. The internet was down, so I showered and went to the pharmacy. I bought a kilo of rice and a dozen eggs. Today I ate one frozen burrito and a BLT sandwich. 

At the pharmacy, I waited where I usually wait, but the lady there ignored me. It made me doubt that all this time I was being received where I shouldn't had been. I moved to the other line and waited my turn. The cashier there couldn't find my account. She asked for an id. It was surely the issue with my two last names. I don't remember exactly when it was that she called me sir. She just went into the counter to grab something, or check something. Her instructions ended with 'sir'. I didn't have time to react before she corrected herself with a 'maam'. I'm not even sure if she apologized, before that. 

I read how this is supposedly the better way to do that sort of stuff. Don't bring too much attention to it, apologize, correct yourself and move on. It still hurt, though. Even now, it hurts.

...

I thought about sending another message to the girl in the app who had offered to meet. Maybe I said something wrong. It wouldn't be the first time. Perhaps... who knows?

It was two days before that other girl replied. All the rest of the messages are ignored. Same thing as always.

...

Anahi told me how Lizeth reacted to Catherine's story in instagram. When she sent me the screenshot, I saw Catherine and her mom on her screen. Anahi was going to be Catherine's plus one, but she "has something more important to do". 

...

I have been chatting with Paty. She keeps asking me about my life. Now it's not just how were my nights out, the last question she made was when and where do I eat.

When Monica told me about her date yesterday, how she really liked him now. She mentioned that he didn't have a girlfriend. It was a callout to Rodrigo, Marcos and her Dr friend from dance class. 

"Yo no soy nadie para juzgar, que ahí yo tambien andaba de volada con mi _crusha_ casada."

I grabbed my phone moments ago to see if Paty had replied to the last message I sent her. There was a notification in Instagram, but it wasn't on the usual place. I opened the middle button and Vicky's image was at the top. She started following me. I put my finger on her face, and her pictures came up. It wouldn't make sense that she'd follow me without accepting the request, but I still had to check. 

I feel... I feel absolutely nothing. I wasn't expecting to get excited of the idea, but there's not even a slight relief that I wasn't creeping. 

I thought sending a message to Monica just to tell her, but that idea does sound like a bit too much.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-11
Words:   757
Minutes: 25

For a moment while I was walking to the restroom I was worried that I had forgotten about doing my words yesterday. Years ago, when I was in high school, I remember going to a spot behind the labs and sitting with my MacBook to write these. That was more than 10 years ago. 

This is the first time that I am writing them on this computer, in this office. I have around half an hour before the time we agreed to go to Thomson House. I put on a skirt and the blazer I like. I even put on some make-up, too. I don't really know why. It's not like I expect to meet anyone besides my roommates. 

...

Last night, I opened up Instagram and went into the search bar. After the thing with V ---I don't know why it feels so strange to type her name in here, it's not like anyone is behind me--- got cleared out, there was no point in looking at her profile. Lately, I've been having no interest in seeing Molly's profile either. And with how I've been talking with Paty, I don't have to search her profile either. So, there was only one name left that I have looked for before.

Except that her name was not in the recent searches. I put on the first letters, and nothing familiar came up. I felt a coldness inside my chest. The memory of me sitting outside, in a state of not-fully-consciousness and looking for her, seeing that there was nothing new. There is this very faint flash of thought crossing my mind and dismissing it: "Nobody really looks at all the names of the people who see their stories". 

I guess she does because, apparently, she blocked me. Just after clearing my conscience about feeling creepy and stalker-ish, this comes up. And the worst of all is that I don't have any excuse.

I wanted to tell somebody but didn't mention anything to Monica. Sonny is out of the question. 

"No eres una creep por nada. Yo te dire cuando te pases", told me Monica last night. I think that was before this last development. 

Today, I told half of the story to Paty. Later, in the afternoon, I shared the complete version to Armando, who also knows the context. 

...

I had my meeting today with Louis. This time it wasn't like other times when it was a full 180 degrees change from the mood of how I started it, but it wasn't the opposite, either. It was nothing special. I had a better idea of what I need to do ---and kind of how to do it---, but I worry that it will be hard to actually get to do it. 

Let's see how these new pills make me feel. 

Lexapro, escitalopram. Supposedly I shouldn't mix them with alcohol. I was reading how it's neither that I will get sleepy, nor that I'll get more drunk. Instead, the secondary effects of drowsiness and dizziness might get intensified. I took the first pill this morning with my hormones. I did feel dizzy. And I did have some nausea the whole day. 

Another effect is anorexia. But, I've been feeling more hungry than normal. I guess I will end up ordering some food. 

...

I've been chatting more with Paty. I started the conversation today to tell her about the thing with F. Mmm, hopefully, we just get closer as friends and nothing weird or awkward develops instead.

She posted a fragment of our conversation on Instagram, as one of her stories. I had just sent her a picture of me at my desk. She replied with a video of herself with the caption that the background sounds were her boss.  I made a comment about how she looked very excited to be there. She mentioned how she doesn't like him. 

"Renuncia y vente a las canadas. Yo nos mantengo" 

She put a caption to her story: 

"Se va a Canada."

I had thought about asking to see her when I'll be in Mexico. Probably I shouldn't. I won't have much time there, anyway. I keep thinking about all the stuff I want to do, or the people I want to meet with. Hopefully, I'll get to do at least half of the stuff I want to. 

...

Armando just sent me a message telling me where to meet. I guess it's time to pack my stuff and go. I know I shouldn't, but I really need a drink.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-12
Words:   788
Minutes: 84

"Yes!; Hablas español?"

"Let's do it! Sorry I'm horrible at answering, I answer either immediately or take forever!"

I had the idea of wearing the black skirt and the white shirt on top. I took some pictures, but wasn't very convinced of the outfits. I sent them to Monica asking for her opinion and she discarded them entirely. Chatting with her, I remembered the red sweater that I had on that picture that I sent Vicky to the NIST Lab website.

I showered in the morning. Actually I slept very well with the joint that I smoked with Alda. After finishing the words I met with Armando outside his lab and we walked together to Thomson house where we met with Alda. We went inside this time. We had a pitcher of sangria and dinner. We chatted and I actually had a good time. I had told Armando before about Flore blocking me on Instagram. Right there at the table I shared the story with Alda, too. The moment I got to when her name didn't appear anymore on the recent searcher, her eyes widened with the realization of what would come later. Her reaction was very similar to Paty's. It seemed a bit to extreme to outright block me. Later, when she stepped to go to the restroom, I told Armando in Spanish the missing part of the story about me sending her the Facebook request. 

I didn't, and probably won't, tell anything about it to Monica. She will be quick to judge me, and I do that easily enough myself. 

...

I thought I was almost done with the words. They're not even halfway done. 

I've been feeling dizzy and nauseous. Probably I shouldn't drink too much tonight either. We were getting our table when Alda mentioned how, as a matter of fact, she was just talking to her friend from her lab about me. Her friend was telling her about going to some gay bars today, and she said how I was just talking about that the other day. Maybe we could all go together. Her friends first suggestion was Notre-dame des Quilles, the one I mentioned to her and Armando.

This morning, when I was getting my coffee, she told me that her friend was saying about meeting her at her place and then going from there.

I tried some outfits, but went back to a hoodie and my pj shorts. I just took a picture to reply to the image of Palenque that Sonny just sent. I have some bags under my eyes and my hair is a mess. 

What if Kate ends up also being disappointed with me tomorrow? 

Nah, probably she won't even reply to my last message in Whatsapp and the date won't even happen, like with Molly. 

When I was telling them how none of the girls of the app were replying to my messages, Alda commented out that she usually doesn't care and sends the people two or three last messages. I joked how I had been following Armando's bad advice, so now I would follow hers. 

This morning I got a message from another of the first girls I matched with. I looked at her pictures again. I remember seeing the match and considering telling her how excited I was when I saw she liked me back. I realized it wasn't a good look for me, so instead I asked her about her dog. After several days, she replied back with an excited 'yes', and asked me if I speak Spanish. There hasn't been a reply from my answer.

I sent the other message in the afternoon. Something direct, take the initiative. I asked her if she had plans tomorrow and whether she'd like to grab lunch. My expectations were that it would get ignored, but at least I would have tried. Instead, she replied back almost immediately. 

She gave me her phone number. It's from France. Of course it is.

I continued the conversation on WhatsApp. She saw it, but didn't reply. Were she not interested she wouldn't have given me her phone. 

"Will I see you again?", "Well, I hope so!"

Tomorrow I'll send her another message in the morning asking her if she wants to rainchek because of the rain. I could offer her to come to the apartment, but that might be too much.
I'll see.

...

A bit ago I asked Alda about what time did she want to leave. She answered that around 8, but it was going to rain again. 

"Raincheck?"

I felt disappointed, but not entirely. 

I double-checked the weather and saw that it was supposed to stay clear the rest of the night. The plan is back on. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-13
Words:   770
Minutes: 44

"What's your name?... I'm Meghan. Ok, Sofia, I'll be going to the restroom. You're very pretty." 

"What about yours? Are they regular?"

"Oh no, uh, I don't get them at all." 

...

I am back from the date with Kate. She seemed interested from the get go, she was the one who sent the first message, she agreed very quickly to going out. The weather didn't discourage her. 
Even though she took a while to reply back to my first message, she was always cheerful and into the conversation. 

The date kept going ---just like Flore's--- after the meal. The conversation was flowing. We laughed. I had a good time and from her body language I sensed that she was having one, too. She mentioned going home and looked for the closest metro station.  When we got there, she was surprised that I would be walking back home. Moments before she had made a comment that she couldn't google me because she didn't have my last name. Maybe when I would give her my instagram, she could look me up. So, after she made the too familiar speech about having a good time and letting her know if I wanted to do it again, I offered it to her. 

"Do you want my instagram so you can stalk me?"

"Oh, yeah, of course. You're thinking of me, I can look you up on the train." 

"Always." 

Walking home, I got a message from Alda. I don't remember which one was first, her list about last night's expenses or her asking me about my date. I review all the day in my mind before replying. 

I woke up at 8 am even though I had slept less than 4 hours. I told Armando about the club last night. I showered and went on my way. I got early to the metro station and decided to wait inside. I got a message from her: 

"Attend, tes arrivee? Je crois que c'etait toi, lol" 

She apologized for speaking in french, and then turned around and met me. We hugged clumsily. I am too much in my mind about not invading the other person's boundaries. Even if I were to ask like she did when she left, I would still worry that they were being too nice. 

I thought about offering the place that Abby proposed last night, but we instead walked towards St Laurent. We decided to stay at an indian place and had lunch there. We chatted about ourselves. I'll probably forget most about what she told me. My memory hasn't been doing very well. She went to that same high school that the girl at the halloween party went to, the same one where Antonija went as well. Are they all of the same age? Probably not.

We talked about the burlesque show. She's a survivor of assault? Neurodivergent. Two sisters and a brother. This is the first time that I said I have a brother and a sister. 

We walked to this cat cafe, but there was a long line. We instead walked to china town and had some bubble tea. We went towards old port and carry on the conversation. She talked about her village. Her little town, her parents' farm. Her accent was sweet, and I particularly loved how she would imitate the voice of her own mother. 

Then the date ended. This time, even though everything went 'well', instead of feeling excited and wanting to share it with Monica, I started a bunch of more impersonal conversations with Alda, Anahi, I even sent a message to Paty. 

I havent talked at all about last night's dance and panic when I got an erection in the middle of the dance floor grinding with this girl, or about how now I guess Alda really doesn't know I am transgender. I am not obligated to tell her. I didn't lie to her. Why does it still feel like I betrayed her? 

I went to pee and saw my eyes. They're very red and irritated. I didn't wear the lenses today. Last night I didn't struggle so much to take them off, either.

I will have lots of stuff to tell Calli next appointment in a week and a half. Aliza's night, last night's dance and the envy I felt towards Abby. Today's date. 

I guess a lot can still happen between today and then. We just talked today's about self-fulfilling prophecies. 

When I told Alda about the date, she said it sounded really nice. It does, it was. But then again, so was Flore's and I know how that ended.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-14
Words:   781
Minutes: 29

"I had a very nice afternoon today! I really liked you [...] I'd love to see you again, let me know if you feel the same way."

"I do! I do feel the same way! [...] No, really; thought you were so delightful!" 

...

The cover fee was 10 dollars and 3 dollars for the coats. Someone said that the coat closet was mandatory. We didn't have enough cash for all of us. 

"Maybe we can sneak you in", I felt a sudden cold flash of anxiety. The woman at the entrance asked her for the ticket. 

I went back to the atm and just took out some cash. I walked towards the end of the line.

"Did they send you back?"

He was a guy coming alone to the club, he was visiting from Chicago for work and decided to get a night out. I would saw him several times inside. 

Two or three times I saw Alda and Abby glancing back at the line looking for me. Maybe I would have been allowed to feel annoyed at them, but I honestly didn't. When I finally entered, we went straight towards the restrooms. Abby was the first one to get into a stall, then Alda. Two girls were standing in front of me, but I wasn't sure they were in line. Instead of just barging in, I moved back to the line. I touched the shoulder of the girl in front of me and pointed to the vacant stall in front of us. When she went in, I saw Abby being pulled by the hand by a girl. 

I came out from the stall and met Alda outside. 

"Where's Abby?"

"She went dancing", I told her trying to mask the envy in my voice.

... 

We were dancing next to each other. I was too conscious of every single move my body made. Trying to enjoy myself was getting very tiring. I saw a pair of girls approach us. I exchanged glances with the one of the right, but ended up dancing with the other. She was dark blonde and her eyes reminded me of a tiger. 

Slowly we were facing each other and went closer and closer until our thighs were interlocked between each other. Her fingers kept gracing my arm and I put my hand on her lower back with as much care as if she were of porcelain. 

We would go down a little towards the floor and I felt the warmth of her legs through her jeans. The feeling of her black blouse sticked to my fingers even when I would shyly take my hand away without knowing where else to put it. 

I kept looking at her feline eyes and imagined how I would approach her neck and slowly wander towards her mouth were not for our masks in the way. She pulled her's down and asked for my name. The music got in the way so she moved her ear towards me. 

"I'm Meghan." 

A storm was developing inside my stomach; I could feel a throbbing pull in my abdomen. I didn't mind them until I started feeling something move under my skirt. I didn't know how to move so she wouldn't realize that I wasn't flat in there. 

Did she notice? She must have. 

"Well, Sofia, I will be going to the restroom; you're very pretty."

...

I woke up around one or two hours ago. It's 6 in the morning right now. I keep wanting to go back to the pictures of the conversation, but I have to remind myself not to get my hopes up. I get too invested way too quickly. *Last week I didn't know she existed*. 

_...she'd only loved two things. The first was her long dark hair. The second was how easily she could cut it off and felt nothing_.

...

I'm starting to feel tired again. My eyes feel puffy and heavy. 

_I hate dating with a passion._

Like an unconscious instinct, I went to Her and started looking at profiles of several women. I wasn't interested in any of them. 

I was taken back by how quickly Abby was swiping the profiles of the women in her Tinder. She barely needed to see more than the first picture. She was as quick to accept a girl as she was to discard her entirely throwing her away to look at the next one. Only some times would she stop and open the profile to glance to the first lines of their description or to see some of the other pictures. 

Is that how people saw me? Maybe there was nothing wrong with my profile after all.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-15
Words:   756
Minutes: 31

"Pues, no sé, pero igual está un poco feo que salgas con ella porque te recuerda a otra chica, ¿sabes?"

"Allo Sophia! Comment vas tu?" 

...

_Don't date other trans women. It was a hypocritical rule. Had anyone else ever ruled her as inelegible for dating on account of her gender, she'd have cried transphobia. But in her own secret heart, the idea of dating another trans woman repelled her. She understood but did not want to admit that *the repulsion spoke to her own self-disgust*._

"Crees que eso te pasó con Alice?", then asked me Monica. 

I can very clearly see all of the warning signs in my behavior. I am wandering through dangerous territory. Easily, I allowed myself to be calmed by her quick answer. Her _I do feel the same way_ is another version of that _well, I hope so_. I should know better. 

Maybe I do, and that's why I sent another messages to several new girls. I matched with another handful. A trans woman; another francophone woman. I sent a new message to the one who asked me if I spoke spanish. What am I looking for? I've threaded these waters before and I almost drowned. 

...

I feel a soreness in my throat. Yesterday, I spent most of the Sunday in bed. It made sense; I had walked around 30 kilometers in the last 36 hours and slept less than 5 hours the previous night. The exhaustion stayed even after a full night of sleep. I browsed around the incubation period of COVID-19. I went to the club Friday night. It's been only two days since the potential infection. _It surely must be too short time for the symptoms to appear after that_. Although the median is five days, most websites report a possible incubation period between two and 14 days. 

Would I send her a message warning her if I test positive? I told her how I had gone to this club. I'd be making a fool of myself if some days later I text her to tell her that I might have infected her. No, it doesn't make sense. It was less than 12 hours since I had gone to the club. I wouldn't have started to be infectious by then. There's no point. It would actually help me to have some willpower and not contact her. 

There is a testing center close to the MNI. I could walk there tomorrow, they take walk-ins. Perhaps I can even make an appointment. It would help me with the nervous, at least. I would have an excuse to give Louis about my lack of progress this week. Even if it comes negative, I am feeling a bit under the weather. 

...

I received the letter with the PIN, but when I tried to change it online, several errors kept appearing telling me that my contact information was wrong. The other website still shows no bought prepaid cards. I will need to call the line and ask for their help. 

With the bank letter, there was another envelope addressed to Alda from Hydro Quebec. I brought home with me and put it on the table in the living room to take a picture and send it to her. 

"I think they sent you the hydro bill, honey." 

"Haha, I'm apparently the head of the family here." 

We laughed about our little inside joke and then she offered me the last gossip of her life. Apparently Abby offered her to have a threesome with Zack, her boyfriend. Alda had told her before how she had a mild crush on him. She was telling me some of this information on our way home from Abby's place. 

Alda sent me the screenshots of her conversation. Abby was backtracking a bit of her own comments of how Zack is softer now. Her intent of selling Alda the idea was barely hidden. Alda told her how she has this rule of not hooking up with people she works or lives with. *Maybe after she graduates, though*. 

I told her how I have a similar rule. _Don't shit where you eat._ 

I have lost count of how many times I have broken it. Both Catherine and Monica were my classmates. I asked Molly out even though I knew she was connected to Alda's group of friends. I swiped right to Vicky's profile after freaking out about seeing a labmate in a dating app. 

If the test comes positive, I will need to postpone my session with Calli. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-16
Words:   764
Minutes: 31

"That sounds so lovely! Let's try and do that soon." 

"Wey esa salida la pido yo." 

...

It was one of those nights. The kind of night where I am lying under my sheets but the sickness is hanging over me. There was fire in my throat. Every half a minute I had to swallow saliva and feel it scratching its way down. I kept burping over and over. I have no idea of how much I managed to sleep, but I enjoyed none of it. 

I wore my mask for going to the restroom. Alda said she felt fine. Although he was a bit nervous, Armando was not annoyed by the situation. I am not sure how I would have felt in his place. 

The appointment for the test was at noon. I don't remember to whom was the first audio, probably Armando. I heard my own voice and realized that I was not imagining it. At night, when the fever would not let me rest, I started to worry about actually getting sick. 

As soon as I woke up, I grabbed my phone and saw that there were several new notifications in different apps. Armando and Alda were worried. Paty, too. The francophone girl in Her replied back. Kate did, too, finally. 

I haven't sent anything back to her. The obvious choice was to wait until I got my results. If it were positive, there was nothing else to do but tell her directly how she should get tested and sincerely apologize. If it were to come back negative, I would have more options. I could either make no mention of it and just continue the conversation hoping to feel better by the time we agree to meet again, or I could make a playful comment related to that, with the assurance that, given that the test is negative, there is nothing to worry —or blame me— about it. 

I didn't shower. I just changed my clothes, put on a coat and a scarf and went on my way. Armando was in the kitchen when I came out of my room. He also was wearing a mask. We talked for a bit before my departure time. I was wearing the red leggings that I brought. They're actually surprisingly good for keeping the heat. Between them and mi winter coat, I didn't pass much cold even though it was lightly snowing my whole way there. 

I got there maybe 10 minutes before my appointment time. I managed to understand a little what the people was saying in french, but not enough to be able to not apologize and ask to change to english. When I got to the nurse that took my information, I was extra attentive to the information she was putting in the computer. *Femme*. I let a sigh of relief out. 

Alda had told me about the time she went to take the test. They gave her the gargle one. It was the same thing with Ana, from the lab. I was going expecting to have that one, too. I was wrong. 

 It was not as bad as the one in Mexico. Maybe the q-tip was shorter. Perhaps the dr was more skillful. I'll get the results somewhen between tonight and the next couple of days. If I don't get them by Friday, I have to call to a phone number. 

_You'll receive an e-mail if it's negative or a phone call if it's positive._

 On my way home, I met with Armando. Was he going to his lab? I remembered how when I go to the Wellness Hub, one of the questions is if I met with anyone who's awaiting their results for a covid test. First he was going to go to get tested at the Trottier building. Depending on the results, whe'd either go to his office or go to the hospital for the PCR test. 

If he tested positive to that one, then that would be a high chance that he got it from me, and thus, that I will test positive as well. He didn't, though. He never received any notification about positive results. I'm still waiting for mine. 

I sent Louis a short e-mail telling him the situation and asking for some days off. I would keep him posted about the results. He replied back pretty quickly. He's sorry that I am not feeling well and of course I can take the days off. 

I'll send him another e-mail whenever I get the results.

I have no clue about what I'll do with Kate.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-17
Words:   765
Minutes: 21

Although I do feel better, I am still sick. It is not COVID, at least. In the middle of the night I saw an email from an official quebec e-mail address. I didn't have to open it to know that it was the negative results. I sent a screenshot of the e-mail to Armando. 

I got inside the portal and took another screenshot from the cleaner results. That was the one that I sent to the rest of the people. I went back to sleep, this time I rested. 

I woke up definitely around 8 am. I typed a reply to Kate, telling her that I was glad she liked the idea and that I look forward to it. Then, not much later, a different message saying how the weather was supposed to be aggreable this weekend. Would Saturday work for her? 

I didn't expect an answer until later today or even tomorrow. Instead, I got a dissapointing response before my coffee. 

She replied to my first message saying that she, too, looks forward to it. Then, she apologized but she can't this weekend. She has a trip to Ottawa. 

I told Armando. He found the coincidence hilarious. This would be the third girl that disappears after a weekend trip. I mean, she won't, right? She seems interested, or at least she knows how to pretend to be.

...

I don't feel like writing the words. I feel this temptation to just cheat and go back to bed. I watched the first 15 minutes of the cowboy bebop movie while I ate my bowl of pasta. I am done eating for the day. Now that I know it's not COVID, I can go and buy groceries myself. Maybe this weekend. Or maybe next week. There's still enough burritos in the freezer to last me for a good while. I haven't finished the pasta nor the sauce. 

In the morning I sent another email to Louis. I told him how the results came back negative, but still I am feeling not that well. He told me that it was good that it wasn't COVID, and that it might be that my immune system it's not used to this northern kind of flu viruses. 

The new spider man trailer came out today.

I've been chatting with Armando a lot. He hasn't made any comments like Alda that assure me he has no idea about my identity. He hasn't made any that would suggest he suspects it, either. 
He did joke back when I told me that my laugh sounded too manly that it always does. 

Last night when Alda knocked on my door to give me the medicine she bought for me, she also made a comment about how she found my voice too funny. 

I am almost finished with my book. I've really enjoyed it. This is the first book that makes me want to highlight parts of its text.

In the afternoon, after starting to have a runny nose, I took two antihistamine pills. They knocked me out. I had to lie down on the bed, but I don't think I slept that much. I am going through my packets of kleenex at an alarming rate. They might not survive this sickness week. 

I guess it was a good thing that Kate was busy this weekend. I would feel too nervous about being contagious or she noting that I don't look that well. When I showed Alda her messages, she laughed at my comment about being cursed and said how it only means that I'll have to wait another week. But... does it, really? 

I am not taking this, her, in a healthy way either. She's not looking for anything serious nor exclusive. She was very clear about it. I said it, too, how I wasn't looking for any commitments either. And here I am, fixating on this other girl whom I only exchanged an afternoon. And talking about her to all the people I know. 

God, I hate myself sometimes. What void am I trying to fill with other people? Why am I so desperate to be found attractive? It's not even that, is it? Sonny finds me attractive, she desired me, and I rejected her. Even before coming to Canada, I turned my back on her.

This girl at the club came to me and danced with me. Do I really believe that I didn't know about the restroom code? Would I had gone with her if she had been more direct? Would I end up feeling even a bit less empty inside?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-18
Words:   752
Minutes: 41

"I'm so happy to have my best friend around again!"

I woke up around 3 am in the morning. I grabbed the kindle and finished the book. It was very good. I enjoyed it. It was something entirely new for me, feeling identified in the characters and their pain. For a moment I even think I stopped hating being trans. I can't remember any other time when I felt like I wasn't different, something special or unique. A one-off character. 

I'll see Calli this Tuesday. I am not really sure why I feel repulsed to the idea of talking about my dating life with her. It's like it were a pathetic topic of conversation, as if its banality makes it not worth to mention. 

She might ask about what I did after our last session. What did I do? I know that the topic of Aliza and what happened —or did not happen— that night in Maryland came up. I stopped at the depanneur and bought me a bottle of wine and a bag of chips. Was it that night when Vicky accepted the request? No. It was just when I browsed Flore's story. I got drunk and high. 

I can talk about that night in Maryland. What does it mean to be confused by it. The feeling that my body is not worth the same. The contradiction of feeling both invaded and not worthy of desire.

I could talk about the weekend at the club. That is the most obvious topic to follow last session's topic of my body dysphoria. I felt disgusted and insecured and betrayed by my own body. Alda and Abby saw the girls' signal because they had no idea of what happened under my skirt. I am still not sure that the girl wasn't actually getting rid of me because of it. 

Alda's sincere question outside the gym about my periods. She knows some people that experience this sort of thing. I don't owe her an explanation. I want her to know, though, don't I? 

Was it that day when I sent the other message to Kate? I think it was. We would go out the next morning. A very similar date to that other french girl. And from the similarities came a sense of dread. A sort of deja vu that whispered me how things would end up in my own disappointment. 

Other than her accent, there was nothing else that linked the two girls. Kate knew from the start that I am trans —she did, right? She asked me for my coming out, but at the same time seemed pretty familiar with the information of my profile—, the conversation flowed, and we had a good time; she was the first one to mention about meeting again. 

She felt the same way, she said. She likes the idea of going out again and looks forward to it. Is she just being nice? Is she just having pity on me? 

No, that's absurd. 

She hasn't replied to my last message. There is nothing more to say. I don't think I should continue the conversation until after her trip. Maybe after my session with Calli. 

Eduardo sent me an e-mail today, asking me if I was interested in giving a class for him. I could show his students how to do some network analysis. I accepted, as if I were not overworked. I should prepare something this weekend. It's too late now to back off. 

It's fine, the extra work will keep my head busy. 

I opened up Bumble again. I had another match. It's the second in all this time since I remade my profile. I have not sent anything to her. I probably won't. 

I got an email from McGill. The subject was something like _friendly reminder about your account_, in it they wanted to remind me that I haven't made any payments towards my tuition. Even though I do have a deferral, it's going to end in December, and I have to pay all of Fall's balance before asking to defer Winter's. I had enough in my checking account to pay it. 

I posted a meme on my Instagram, it was the scene from the Simpsons where Bart mocks graduate students for being 30 year olds that earn $600 a year. I got some comments and reactions, but to be totally honest, I just wanted to see if Kate would see it. 

She did. Her faceless picture was in there with the rest of them.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-19
Words:   830
Minutes: 95

"Mi POV, es un 'no nos llames nosotros te llamamos'."

"[Not gonna lie] Si te ves algo _clingy_ con el 'dime cuándo vuelvas para tocarte las nalgas'."

"Rodrigo me tiene bloqueada en todas las redes sociales y WA! Hace tiempo que no veo nada de él y ahorita busqué y NADA."

I keep avoiding writing the words. I don't know the reason behind it. A couple of things happened today, it's not like I don't have anything to write about. I want to go to bed, but I won't get out of this chair until these words are finished. Yet, coming back to this paragraph is like a weight that's numbing my arm, but somehow I can't let go. 

Last night I tried to masturbate before falling asleep. I couldn't do it. I gave up after around 20 minutes. It could be because of the antidepressants, maybe. 

At midnight I grabbed the phone and I had a message from Kate. I wasn't expecting anything from her, so it caught me off guard. My last message was telling her that we could do it some other time and wishing her a good time on her trip. What else was there to say? _Thank you_? 

Instead, she said, "Yes with pleasure!" 

She thanked me, and then added how she was excited because it was her first time there. 

I put the phone away. I could had left it rigth then and there. I might have actually planned to do just that. Wait until next week and then, if no communication, just ask about her trip. Instead, when I woke up 7 hours after that, I made a clingy comment telling her to let me know whenever she'd be free. I feel awkward just now rereading that message from the conversation. 

Again, there was no need to add anything more to that. Except that's not true, the only reasonable thing to do after something so cringey, is to put an end to it _nicely_. And with a happy face as a period after her _I will_ she did just that.

Now, it's almost a sure thing that I won't hear from her after her trip.

...

A couple of days ago —maybe last week— I saw this drama on twitter. One of the trans girls on mexican twitter posted something about Yaaj and Ivan. I didn't put much attention to it at the time. It wasn't even similar to the level of discomfort I felt when I recognized Said's name in that declaration on Facebook last year. I let it go. 

Today that drama grew and grew until the small snowball became an avalanche that might just destroy the credibility of Yaaj as a whole. Even I who, as I was telling both Eliseo and Paty, don't really have any issues with any members of Yaaj couldn't really defend what they, specifically Paola and Josue, are doing. 

It reminded me a lot of what Rodrigo did with Monica. She had told him that his insinuations and flirting made her uncomfortable. Going from what she told me in confidance, it wasn't even his intentions what upset her, but his treating her as an object to be consumed on the side when he's tired of his relationship with his girlfriend. After she told him that they, indeed, made her uncomfortable, he stopped and became colder and distant. That, too, was only a couple of days ago.

Today she realized while chatting with me that she hadn't been seeing anything from him lately, and when she looked him up came to the conclusion that he had blocked her. Still in disbelief she asked me to look him up, too. I could see how the small spark of hope that he had just deleted everything or had faded from the face of the earth, or anything but the obvious, vanished when I sent her the screenshots of his profile in instagram from my phone. I knew the feeling too well. It has happened to me, before. Twice. Lately with Flore, as I would later finally tell her about. And a couple of years ago with Anahi. 

I could have told her that it might be temporary. He might come back later and look her up. It happened with Anahi and me —fuck, it happened to us—, but I realized quickly that that was just part of the problem. It's not the first time he has done this. 

All day I had thought about telling her about Kate's message and get her opinion. Maybe she'd say she's _totally flirting_ with me, like she did with the first messages of Molly, or perhaps that she seems _very nice_ like with the ones of Flore; maybe she'd say that she's just being nice and setting the stage so I stop pushing, like Anahi's point of view, or perhaps that I seemed to pushy and clingy with my last message, just as Armando said. 

I didn't sent the pictures to her.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-20
Words:   770
Minutes: 81

"I feel I'm not woman enough, period." 

I am a little bit drunk right now. We were supposed to go out tonight to a bar. I had asked Armando yesterday or the night before to take me out. He had offered me if we wanted to drink after Kate also said she would go out to her weekend trip. We invited Alda later and she said she'd join us. 

I went to shower around noon. I put on cream and gel on my hair and wore a decent outfit. When I came back to my room I saw several messages on the group chat that we have as roommates. The plans for today were cancelled. The first message I saw were the latests, from armando. In them he asked my opinion about it. I scrolled up. He heard I was still coughing, so maybe it would be better if we cancelled, cuz I'd be scaring people. Then I got to the first messages from Alda that started everything, she might have gotten the flu as well. She's not been feeling very well, and thus, sadly, she would have to cancel on us this evening. 

I had still my hair wet and wearing normal clothes. I put on a scarf and a coat and grabbed my backpack to go get some groceries. I sent a personal message to Alda asking her if she needed anything. She declined my offer. 

I went to Newon market, but before I made a stop at the SAQ on the way. I bought a bottle of Vodka Lemon. 

At Newon market I got some food. Noodles, vegetables and shit. I walked back to the apartment, after climbing Simpson Hill, instead of going straight to the apartment I turned left and went to the depanneur. I heard the cashier and her lady friend speaking in spanish. I filled the basket in my arm with grapefruit juice, a bag of jalapeño chips and a loaf of bread. I said to her "hola", but she continued the interaction in english. 

When I came back to my place I took off the coat instead of the mask. Armando had said that after hearing my negative results he stopped wearing his, but he might start wearing them again. So, I left mine on while I put off the groceries.

In my room, I liked the look of my outfit so I took some self-pictures. I had that idea of posting something in my story this weekend and seeing if this girl would look at them. So I did just that. I posted and nice picture and just waited for it to get some attention. This one had less reactions than previous ones. One from Fausto —as usual— and from my mom. I think Yomo was another one. Nothing from her. She hadn't even seen it. 

When I post one of the pictures in my Her profile, I looked at her profile and the distance showed she was 164 kilometers away. 

I saw Fausto post a tweet about the Irene v Yaaj issue in Twitter. Kika also had something to say about that whole mess apparently. I took a screenshot of it —Fausto was my therapist after all— and sent it to both Eliseo and Paty, again. 

Paty later today posted a story about Avril Lavigne being her _emo crush_. 

"Y yo que tipo de tu crush soy?" 

She hasn't seen it or replied. Maybe she will tomorrow or in a couple of days. 

"Me decepcionas Sofia. Abri el congelador y vi tu vodka. Casi no le bajaste y ya andas peda."

I should go refill my drink.

...

I have a bit fewer than 150 words left and I don't know what else to write about.

Eli replied back to my instagram message pretty quickly. He asked me if I was busy later this evening. I said no and actually proposed having a videocall. I missed him, and human contact in general. We did just that. He called me first on Instagram and we talked for around an hour. First about the thing with Yaaj and Ivan, and later about stuff in general. We moved to Zoom. We had touched the subject about my covid scare, so I told him about Flore and the club night. Halfway through my story I recognized the moment where I am so much into a story that I stop realizing how the recipient is not really that into it. Why would he care about my date and french girls in general. I rushed through most of the rest and we kept talking about other stuff. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-21
Words:   794
Minutes: 40

"Rodrigo se casó ayer, did you know?" 

"Te dije que ya había hecho _anal play_, y mis parejas *usualmente* no tienen _nepe_."

I woke up with the alarm at 9:30 in the morning. I don't know which was louder, the cheerful tune coming from the phone's speaker or the throbbing pain coming from within my head. I didn't go back to sleep. Instead I went to the kitchen to prepare my coffee with the hopes that it would help with the hangover. I looked into the freezer with curiosity about how much I had actually drunk the night before. Armando had sent me a message saying that he saw the bottle and I hadn't actually lowered it that much. It is half-empty. 

I guess if Armando knew —or suspected, at least— about me, he would had said or asked something by now. We've been talking more and more lately. I don't feel with him the same kind of sense of betrayal as I did with Alda. 

"Era un bato que se identificaba como chava lencha?"

I guess some people would take issue with his use of the _lencha_ term. I've used it with him, before. I refer to myself in that way, even though just today I told Sonny that I haven't really identified with that identity for a while now.

I told him that one of my tinder dates was a trans girl. I made no mention of the funny occurrence that was that both of us were and neither knew. He was, surprisingly, excited about the idea. I guess we are some sort of a special thing, a checklist that people can cross from their lists. 

"We que verga por qué te freseaste? Te hubiera podido meter el pilín una shaba!"

For a moment I considered asking him if he'd be up to hooking up with a trans woman. It didn't take much consideration before I got to the conclusion that it was something from which I didn't really want an answer. 

...

Last night I had seen a story about Rodrigo's wedding. I took a screenshot to send it to Monica. Apparently, I forgot. Today, again, from Rodrigo himself I saw that same story. He shared several of those. I asked Monica and she asked me, clarifying if I was meaning Chevo, instead. No. Rodrigo, Retana. 

She was surprised. She had no idea. I guess he never told her. Perhaps that was the reason all along about the blocking. We talked about his wedding, how the place was very tacky. She said it looked like a bar, but I think it was probably a party salon. 

I'm not sure what exactly was it, but I pictured my own wedding. 

"Supongo que sí; si yo me casara preferiría que fuera en primavera o verano —bien _cliché_, I know— pero no en noviembre o diciembre. Y ajá, obvio no sería en una iglesia porque, ps, *gay*, pero no sé, lo imagino al aire libre, como en el _countryside_ o la playa, aunque no me encanta la idea de la playa."

I thought she would made a comment judging my ideas. _Oh, honey, no, beach weddings are lame, I picture you getting married in an old abandoned church_, or something of the like. Instead, she replied with excitement. For a moment I saw myself wearing a simple white dress, with my hair tied up except for a couple of curls falling to the side of my head. I feel a warmth inside my chest. In my almost 30 years, I don't think I've ever imagined myself as a bride. A wedding was never something I really cared about, much less fantasize. 

Will it ever happen, though?

...

I asked Sonny pointblank if she didn't identify as a woman. I think it was last night, when I told her that I've been feeling a higher libido, but I picture myself with someone _femme_. 

"Ayer me dio un poco de gracia algo. Dijiste que querías salir con alguien más femenina que tú. Gurl, you're super femenine. No creo que sea posible."

She told me that one of her friends shared with her a dream she had where Sonny had asked her and a friend to call her *Michael*. I changed her contact name to Maykol. 

...

I finally sent the screenshots of Kate's conversation to Monica. I told her the coincidence of the weekend trip. She made no comment about her messages or mine. The only thing she said after was: "¿Ya no te contestó?"

There's nothing left to do but wait for her to send a new message somewhen, somehow.

How long will I wait before fully being convinced that she's not interested in me? 

Why would she have been? _Why would anyone ever be?_

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-22
Words:   764
Minutes: 40

"Oye, Aliza, ¿te puedo hacer una pregunta super random? ¿Te acuerdas cuando te quedaste a dormir en mi casa en Maryland porque perdimos tu tren? Esa noche no pasó nada entre nosotras, ¿verdad?" 

"Hey, how are you feeling? I've been thinking about some stuff that I've wanted to share with you. I know you're not feeling too well, so I won't propose smoking and we can wear masks, but yeah, let's chat soon." 

...

Nothing happened. It was all in my head, nothing more than a very *vivid* dream. 

The bottle of vodka is almost finished. This morning I didn't have a hangover. Alda answered back pretty quickly, but by the end of the night she wasn't feeling it. This morning, while she was cleaning, she told me we could hang out. She hasn't come back. Probably I won't end up telling her. 

I'm not sure what made me change my mind. _Y tú? Tú saldrías con una mujer trans?_ I already knew what he would say. Most people have the same answer. He's a straight man, almost all of those have the same response. I could have bet all of my savings knowing that his answer would only make me feel more uncomfortable later. Yet, I sent the question anyway. 

Is that why I don't know about telling Alda anymore? 

I brought up the subject again with Monica, Paty and Eliseo. Monica's response was harsh. She's tired of me —not me personally, but my insistence of beating around the bush instead of doing anything about it. Eliseo and Paty, queer themselves, were more sensible to the idea. Why don't I ease into it? Maybe bring up the subject. I went out on a date with someone trans. *I did go out on a date with a trans woman.* 

Bringing up that subject made me feel sure that telling Armando is not a good idea. Am I ready to have that realization about Alda? It would be better than figuring that out after she knows about me. I can't *untell* her. 

"Es un no nos llames, nosotros te llamamos." 

It's only Monday. A weekday. If she were the actually send me a message, it wouldn't be today in any case. This is not doing me any good. I am way too attached after only one date. *Again*. 

What is it with me? Why can't I get rid of the idea that nobody enjoys my company? _She would rather go out with any other new people_. It doesn't matter that she literally said otherwise. That's what any person would say just to be nice. 

Perhaps I can use this as practice for cutting people off. People I am actually interested in.

...

Thursday I have the class of Eduardo. I haven't done anything productive today. The only progress I've managed to do about that class was discard the first part of the analysis. 

Am I too busy with this Alda thing? Or is it about Kate? Maybe it's Calli's session. 

This should have helped me to get distracted, not the other way around. 

How long have I been taking the antidepressants? Just now I felt very dizzy for a moment. I considered having the rest of the bottle. There's not grapefruit juice left and I couldn't give any less of a shit. 

Almost two weeks. I should know if this is enough time for the paradoxical effect to wear off. I was a psychologist for a while. _What am I now?_

...

I ate more today than other days. I made myself a bacon sandwich with an egg after the neuro meeting. Not much later, I ate the single slice of ham and two wienner sausages. A couple hours ago I started the fast after finishing one of the frozen burritos. 

I am still feeling hungry. Is it the antidepressants or the depressive symptoms? I'll miss losing weight. 

I went and had a couple of sips from the bottle. I didn't lower it much. I can't stand too much the flavor of it straight. Maybe it's a good thing. Tomorrow I can buy a couple of cans of soda after the session.

No. I should make some progress. I can't just back off now. I'd rather do a shitty job for the class. He can't do it himself. That's why he asked. I am expecting too much from myself. Half-assing it will be better than dropping it. I'll be fine. 

How many days before I stopped thinking about this french girl? Or how many before I succumb to the pressure and send another pathetic message?

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-23
Words:   820
Minutes: 104

"Armano has *no* clue about you"

"It was a very white and snowy morning. Has the 'skirts/dresses' movement sadly come to an end this year?"
...

The vodka is done. Just a couple days more than a weekend. Am I back in my old ways? I told Calli how I've been feeling _down_ recently; it's probably because of the antidepressants.

Had I finished the words before going outside with Alda last night? Earlier that morning she mentioned how we could hang out later in the afternoon. She was probably curious about what I wanted to tell her. I certainly would be in her place. She offered me to share a joint and we stepped outside the balcony. Armando wasn't home so, were I to tell her, it would be a good time to do it before he came back. I didn't. Maybe I was too sober, or maybe I was just too scared. 

I won't do any work tonight. I'll go to the depanneur and get some alcohol.

...

The same two girls of the other time were there. This time I didn't try to speak in spanish. Why did I last time? I have Armando here to practice it. Jose Luis will be after Armando goes off. I have several people back in Mexico to keep using it. It's the english that I need to keep using. 

I am trying to feel the words as if there were something that I am avoiding to write about. I spoke with Calli today. It was... how was it? It wasn't necessarily hard. Sure, I cried, but don't I most of the times, lately? 

What did this session have that was different to other ones? I talked about Kate and how I kept thinking about Flore. The unspoken rules and conventions, the code. Things that go without saying but I am not able to comprehend. 

What is it right now? I feel this deep pain in the mouth of my stomach. I opened the camera of instagram as if I were to post a story, and the image of the girl on the phone wasn't the usual one that makes me cringe. She just looked in so much pain that I wanted her to materialize and hug her. 

I wish I could sit by my own side and just cry in my own shoulder. 

...

I thought about sending another message to Kate. When I told last night to Alda how I wouldn't send her another message, her reaction made me think that it was a totally strange, although still valid, position to take. _Oh, sure, if I wanted to see if she also initiates, maybe? she guessed_. 

What else would I be losing with this new message? If she were going to ghost me, she'd do it whether I send her anything more or not. 

I am the older person here. I am almost five years her senior. What the fuck is wrong with me? Why am I this socially awkward? 

...

I think Alda's room is lightened up. She could be in there, but maybe she's just left it turned on when she went to her parents'. I sent her an image earlier today. I little meme about men, lesbians and bisexual people flirting. I'm not sure if she considers herself bisexual or not. 

Deep down I hoped she would answer and I could invite her to hang out with me in the living room. Perhaps this could be the time when I do dare to tell her. I told Monica that talking with Calli had made me feel more serene with the idea of telling her. I wasn't doubtful anymore, but I wasn't feeling rushed either. 

Armando just got in. It's 8pm. 

"Pero cuando Alda me preguntó por mis periodos, aunque fue básicamente lo mismo de _huh, I guess she doesn't know then_, en vez de sentirma contenta, me sentí *sola*."

Calli asked me how would it feel the idea of... 

Armando just went to the kitchen to heat his food. I asked him about the videochat with Jose Luis. Alda came in not much later. I guess she wasn't here. 

I asked her if she was free on Thursday, thinking about the videocall with Jose Luis, but she said she was free after 9 or 10. Maybe we could actually do something, like going out again. Friday would be better, she said. 

She came back not much later and offered me to share a joint. We did. Again, Armando was inside his room so I didn't even consider the idea of telling her. Perhaps another time. 

When I came in, I saw Kate had replied back to my message. She laughed, and I sincerely have no clue if she actually found it amusing or is just being nice. 

"How are you doing these days?", says her last message before she went back offline until tomorrow morning, I suppose.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-24
Words:   776
Minutes: 113

"Oh wow! What's the book called?... 

"Haha yep, you must address this need! OMG, you really want to make me read it!

"What's the next book you'd really like to read?"

...

Eduardo sent me an e-mail if it was OK with me to connect half an hour before our agreed time. One hour might not be enough time. I thought I'd be having two. Yeah, one hour it's barely enough time to cover the basics.

I still haven't finished. I need to figure out how to visualize some of the networks. Maybe I could skip that part. It's going to be midnight, soon. 

I'm now sure that the antidepressants are messing with me. It's been a little over two weeks since I started taking them. I am feeling just as I did when started worrying that it was depression. 

The Rmarkdown document can create the graphs. It can extract the variables. I could only just add a small linear regression and a plot of the results, maybe. That'd be enough. I could then go to sleep or cry in my bed. Still I can't go back to RStudio. I keep grabbing the phone waiting for something to happen. It's 11pm, she's not going to answer me now. 

I don't remember if there was an alarm this morning. I might have disabled it even before it started. I remember the action of grabbing the pillow and putting it over my face. I didn't want to get up, I didn't want to be awake. 

Last night she did reply once. She laughed at my comment about living vicariously through her and said she has been good, _very busy but good_. I then said something about the book I finished. It was unprompted, completely out of the blue, just sharing, moving the conversation forward. I am not being delightful, I am being obnoxious. 

_Ya me dijo de ti, que sigues encima de ella y no sabe como decirte que no. Eres feo, tío, acéptalo_. 

Last night, somehow, I asked Sonny about her mom, if she knew about me. She tried to avoid the subject telling me that she _believed she did_. Later she was more direct. Her mom had said it was not obvious. I stopped replying to her messages. 

When I grabbed my phone, I saw Kate asking me about the book. Then she made a comment that she might want to read it. She sent a follow-up question. Although she viewed my answer, she didn't continue. She literally just told me she's been very busy. I still fixated on how she came back to whatsapp over and over, but my question stayed unanswered.

I didn't have any other book next on my list. Has she read anything interesting? Maybe she hasn't and just left it like that. Perhaps she saw the question and told herself that she'd answer me later. Why am I obsessing about this girl that I've met once? 

Why am I like this? 

"Pero me dijo que había sido porque te escondiste la barbilla, que sino nunca lo hubiera notado."

Whenever I walk towards the bathroom to take a shower I put the towel over my mouth. I haven't  been shaving daily given that I haven't showered daily either. 

Tomorrow I will need to. My coffee is almost finished. There's less than a week left in November. Three more weeks and I'll be travelling to Mexico. Why am I not excited anymore about going to the beach? I don't care about wearing the bathing suit and having more pictures. What's the point? 

I don't care about seeing Monica or Anahi. I don't even care about seeing my family or hugging Nymeria. 

Anahi sent me the picture of 6 years ago, when I was still living as a him. We were sitting, she, Catherine and me, in a cafe outside her therapist's office. 

"Cuando me dijiste que si me latía ir a la UABC a hacer _closure_ , esa misma noche me quedé pensando en eso. Me pasó por la cabeza preguntarte si habías pensado hacerlo también con la Cata, como, aparte. Y consideré decirte si querías invitarla también. I mean __eramos las 3__...

"Ya después me quedé pensando que _maybe_ sería muy _awkward_, y que probablemente no sería muy buena idea, como que _too much drama_ se pondría en medio y sería como hacerlo más pedo de nosotras dos cuando pues esa no es la intención original... Ajá, no. Quiero hacerlo contigo. Y ya, me dormí y se me olvidó.

"Pero sí, veo ese tupo de fotos de las tres y no sé, parece que fue hace tan lejos, hace toda una vida." 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-25
Words:   757
Minutes: 25

"Oh I wish I wish! But I have plans both nights... I'm sorry that I'll miss that! [...] I don't think I've read anything interesting lately, lol, but maybe I'll remember something next time we meet hehe."

"She doesn't seem interested. She's just rainchecking after rainchecking. She literally said no to both nights. Maybe she likes you as a friend and she's willing to go out but not as a 'date'". 

...

My head hurts and my chest feels empty. I've finished with Eduardo's class. I should finish setting up the environment before sending it his way. I ate instead. Too much. After finishing the eggs I went for another two sausage links. Now I feel full and disgusting.

In 30 minutes I have Louis' meeting. I don't have any progress to share with him. Why am I not working right now?

It was after midnight when I sent a message to Eliseo last night. I wasn't feeling well. We talked a bit. I shared with him my confusion with this french girl. It borders of unhealthy fixation. Right now I thought about changing my number just so I could get another chance of trying Tinder. 

It's pointless, though. I would not put in there that I am trans. It would be the exact same thing. A bunch of meaningless matches that would just give place to uncomfortable first dates that make me feel empty inside and much more alone than when I started. 

What is it that I wanted with this girl, in the first place? Is it the dating? The excitement? I am not feeling excited, I am exhausted and tired. I am annoyed. I am sick of feeling confused and teased by empty calls of our next meeting. 

Am I feeling angry now? Why? She doesn't owe me anything. She could have just ghosted me like the previous french girl. That was the same thing, a glimpse of interest and then its dissapearance. I was not what she was looking for. I am not what anyone is looking for. 

_¿Hay algo mal en mí?_

Will it even happen, the _next time we meet_? I won't ask for a next one. She doesn't starts the conversations, so, yeah. I guess this is the end of it, just as I wrote to Monica. 

Is this disappointment? I got what I asked for, their opinion. Both of them agree that I am reading her wrong. I was dishonest saying that I didn't know what she was feeling, I wanted them to confirm my expectations and share my suspicions about the disconnect between her words and actions. 

Even if she were interested, even if her hopes of actually meeting again are sincere. They are not real. If they were she'd look me up. She'd ask me. 

"I will", she said when I told her to tell me whenever she'd be free. 

Maybe that's just it, she hasn't been free. She's busy, she said so herself. She's got all these plans and all these other people to meet. Better people. 

I should be busy, too. But I am not. I have no energy to do anything. 

I told Armando that I would cancel them if she'd agreed to do something. That was true. We talked about going out this saturday. I told Alda to do something tomorrow. I would have cancelled them without any second thought. 

I want that, I want someone to think about me and talk about me to their friends. To cancel lesser plans just to be excited to see me. But who would? Why would anyone? 

I am broken. 

I have 20 minutes to finish 150 more words. Tears have started coming down. Do I care enough if Louis sees them? He'll ask me how I've been doing. Will I tell him the truth? 

I won't say I'm doing well.

The last time I replied with something different than "Good" he was surprised. It was as if I had gone out of script. Was he concerned or was he just unnerved? 

I don't know what else to say. I don't want to keep feeling these pages with thoughts and feelings about girls I've met only once. 

Less than 4 hours of an afternoon with a french girl who studies computer science and I still keep writing about her several months later. Of course she blocked me, what kind of sick person does that? Maybe it's the male socialization that all those feminists keep hating people like me because. 

Perhaps they're right and I shouldn't exist. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-26
Words:   750
Minutes: 25

"Let's see who the next girl is. You should prob choose someone doesn't like camping trips."

Louis asked me how I was doing. I avoided the question and instead made a comment that I had just seen his e-mail he had sent half an hour before. He didn't let it go. I answered a half-truth telling him that I was having the worst headache. It was fine, though. No problem at all...

The meeting didn't last long. He hasn't fired me yet. I don't know what I did between then and me falling asleep. Probably nothing. I might have just taken my pants off and went straight to bed. I slept until maybe an hour or two before midnight. 

I was so hungry that I broke my fast to prepare a sandwich. I didn't even enjoy it that much. 

...

This morning I passed it asleep. It was a limbo-like state between slumper and wake, even though I had slept way more than the needed 8 hours, I let myself be won over by this resistance to be alive. I grabbed my phone around 9 am, after the first alarm. 

Alda had seen and replied to my meme about the vaccine pick-up line. I told her that I was trying to convince Armando to go out this weekend. Were he to agree, I'd send that cheesy pick-up line to the french girl. I used that excuse to tell her about what happened. This time I didn't feel the need to share the conversation. I just told her that she's not into me as I would have wanted, as I am into her. 

This time Armando didn't encourage me to do anything stupid. 

"Dado lo que me dijiste ayer me rehuso a darte ideas que no sean sensatas..."

I had a clear goal to finish today. Start the transfer. Just start the command to download the intermediate files to have them ready on the BIC system and be able to meet with Louis next week to work on them. It was easy enough. Simple. I still couldn't do it. 

Even now as I am remembering the day, I can't think of anything. What did I do? What is happening to me? 

I put on leggings and my coat and walked in the snow to the depanneur. I bought myself a bottle of wine and a box of cookies. Last night when I told Alda to do something, she said she's been feeling sick, still. I counter-offered to do something in the apartment. We could watch the movie and order some food. 

I want her to be her. I want to be able to tell her. I want something to really cry about. Am I this sure that she'll take it badly? 

I don't... I wouldn't tell Armando because I'm sure he would start seeing and treating me as a guy.

But her? She's a girl. She wanted to live with a girl. Maybe, perhaps this would change our living situation. Now she'd be living with a gay dude and a half-and-half. 

I am not even sure she doesn't know already. Words are meaningless now. 

"What about yours? Are they regular?"; "but maybe I'll remember something next time we meet".

When I opened Bumble, I had a new match. 

In the morning Alda told me that girls don't use tinder that much. Was she talking about her own experience? I replied that it was mostly couples. 

Just the other day, I saw that I had a match and she even sent the first message. I opened her profile to better see the picture. In the bio and description, it was clearly they were a straight couple looking for a girl. 

I remember years ago thinking about just sending them a risque comment to force the unmatch on them. _Are you sure your bf won't mind being with a girl with a bigger dick than his?_. 

Just typing it out brings me a stab of dysphoria. So, this time I just deleted the match before the 24 hours ran out.

I got a match this afternoon. It's a non-binary person. Genderqueer. They look attractive enough that I send them a message. Let's see if they don't do the same thing I just did with the couple. 

I am not even halfway done with the bottle and I am starting to wonder if it was a bad idea.

This is my turn to clean the apartment. I probably will skip it. They should understand.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-27
Words:   777
Minutes: 128


"Te awitas frescas si limpio hasta el lunes? Pensé que es sábado y todavía tengo mañana, pero neta dudo que mañana tenga energías." 

She told me twice that she was having a good feeling about me. She offered to cook for me once, perhaps. It was right then and there that I felt having doubts and losing interest. 

I went into her profile and saw the different pictures. I liked her eyes in the first one. The second one was different, I couldn't say what was it that made me feel uneasy. By the third one I noticed that most of her pictures she covered her face with her hand. _Había sido porque te escondiste la barbilla, sino no lo hubiera notado_. 

I stopped replying to her and kept hanging out with my wine.

...

I came from the shower. Armando left the house. I sent him a text quoting his message stating that he wouldn't drink all next week: "y te vas a las 7pm en sábado _pretty sus_". 

I, as well, will be breaking my own promise. 

The phone vibrated with the differnt tone of instagram. I thought it was a message from Paty at first. Maybe Eli? It was Kory. He was asking how've I been doing. Will I go to the queer party in Belmont tn? 

I replied to his greetings and asked him what was that. It's a club in St Lau, tonight will be their monthly queer party. I had just changed my shirt, and yet, I didn't hesitate to tell him that I would be going. He hadn't even confirmed me that he was going, much less inviting me to go with him. 

It would start at 10pm, but there would be a line outside and we should go earlier. I asked him if he wanted to meet and wait in line together. He agreed. I went to take a shower. 

...

"Hey there! Potato wedges vs fries??" 

I think I am now on my second go through all the women in HER. There was this person that caught my interest. Since I started playing with these apps, there might have been a handful of people that make me wish that I would have the option to send them a direct message. That instead of an empty like into the void, that I would have the option to risk it all and approach them directly. This time it was the person whose gender they described as 'Helly Kitty Gandalf'. 

With HER she would be getting a notification that I, Sofia, have liked her profile. They would be getting as well the oportunity to glance at my profile and see that I am trans and then just ignore it. Like all of those women whom I liked and with whom then nothing happened. 

I wish I could remember if Kate was the first one to like my profile, or if she liked me in reciprocity after I swiped her right first. Does it matter? 

I kept thinking today about that event at café cleopatra. It's going to be the Friday before I left Montreal, two weeks from now. 

Anahi was the first one to tell me that her messages were clearly she telling me not to call her, she'd be calling me. Monica, and Eliseo would later agree after the next raincheck —or two. 
Even Armando would say that her reply was weird. On the surface she talks about our next meeting, but makes no effort about arranging it. 

She's not interested enough to even reply to my messages.

Maybe she's just busy. Alda was perceptive enough to guess she's dating other people. Probably I am not ready to this kind of stuff. 

"For having studied psychology, I suck at reading people. I promise this is the last one before I finally get the hint. Friday 10th, café cleopatra, a night of burlesque. What do you say?"

Monica would not agree. She didn't agree to the first idea about sending her the second message after her silence. _Don't do that to yourself. You deserve better, love_. She's right, it would be humilliating. Why should I be begging for attention? Maybe I should listen to imaginary Monica. 

...

I got another match in Bumble. As soon as I saw the profile I sensed that if I swiped right, it would be a match. She looks cis. I was going to write _so do I_, but of that I am not so sure. It could be that that was the precise reason that Pascal had a _good feeling about me_. 

Tomorrow night I'll see if the 24 hours pass before a reply. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-28
Words:   762
Minutes: 56

"Vi a varias chicas que sí me gustaron pero me siento bien _awkward_ acercándome. Hubo una que sí me sonrió cuando pasaba como dos o tres veces, pero en mi cabeza había una voz que me decía que solo estaba siendo _nice_."

"Ay bebé, entiendo el feeling pero no es así."

"No lo sé, bebé, ya sabes cómo son las morras blancas y gueras que se pasan de _nice_"

...

I honestly thought that this other girl would let the timer go off and the conversation die. Last night, at the bar, whenever I felt the urge to see if Kate was online in whatsapp I would instead open Bumble to make sure that the match was still there, and my question unanswered. 

I wore jeans with a red long-sleeved blouse. I considered wearing the skirt even though, of course, I had not intention of letting the french girl know that I was trying to keep the dresses and skirts on winter fight on. I think about her too much. I hate it.

The night was white and cold. I arrived early, 20 minutes before the doors would open. The time we had agreed to meet. Were it not for Kory, I wouldn't have had a good time. I enjoyed his company. I felt cared about and it was something new for me.

I haven't logged the expenses this past few days. There's the wine and the ciders. I ordered some food with Alda and got that vodka bottle, too. Armando said it was fine if I don't clean until tomorrow. I am tired. 

I need to buy food again. Two weeks before I leave. Maybe I should eat even less so I won't be a dysphoric mess at the beach. The bottle of red wine lasted me almost as much as the bottle of vodka that other week.

I made a long turn when I saw there was a group of people at the entrance door. I walked along the other way to make time. The only thing I hate more than being in a group of people, is being inside a group of people when I know nobody.

Kory arrived at 10pm. Most of the people in the line were men. It was the same for the rest of the night. I would lie if I said wasn't expecting something similar to Club Unity. I felt similarly to that night when I saw the guys hitting on Kory while I was dancing awkwardly next to him. 

The first girl I noticed was the the brunette with black mask. I lost her halfway through the night. 

There were a couple of others, but I don't remember them. 

I remember the last one. She was blonde with a red and black top. She caught my glances and then smiled. That happened maybe three or four times. 

When I first started transitioning and being seen as a woman, the first changes that I started noticing were that women would smile at me when they see me. It was different to the smiles I would get when I started presenting as a woman but not necesarily being seen as one. Those smiles were complicit, like getting into this secret joke. When I started passing as something other than a queer person, the smiles would be warm, sharing a sensation of belonging.

Were the smiles of this girl like those, was she just welcoming in the club of womanhood? Or were they more like the formers, recognizing the queerness in me, and reciprocating? 

If she were interested, she didn't show it. Women around here are too nice. 

...

A couple of nights ago, when I bought the bottle of wine I asked Alda to share a joint. We walked around the city and ordered some food on our way back. She showed me another spot where she likes to smoke. I took a picture in there of lone light through a fence. 

Walking through Jeanne Mance Park, I snapped a picture of the path. I saved them in my phone without any intentions of using them for anything. 

During the drag show at the bar, I recorded 5 seconds of the performance thinking I could share the story but decided against it. 

I took two pictures of myself after putting my make up and hated them both. At the end, I wore neither my hair loose nor tied up. 

Today I posted both the winter pictures in instagram to see if they would be liked. 

People liked them, but not the person I was hoping.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-29
Words:   924
Minutes: 24

"Heey, this is Sofía, I changed phone numbers last week and idk why I thought whatsapp would automatically tell my contacts. Just realized it doesn't lol. You didn't send me anything these past few days, did you?" 

"We, ngl, that's smooth."

It was a mistake, though. 

The message still has only one checkmark next to it. Even though she hasn't been online since 5  hours ago, she didn't have the number previously, and the obvious fact that I can actually see when she was online all mean that she hasn't blocked me, I am feeling anxious about it. 

...

I turned off the alarm and stayed in bed until almost noon. I did nothing productive the whole day. Well, nothing related to my program anyway. I did clean the apartment. 

During the lab meeting, as Reza was presenting, I kept thinking about sending or not the message to the two guys I had matched with last night in Bumble. 

Again, I felt tempted to raise my own self-esteem by enabling my profile to be shown to guys and swipe a couple to the left and see who has liked me. This time it didn't end there. For the first time I swiped right and it was a match. I panicked. In my head the match was a commitment, a promise for something to happened and a betrayal to my own sexual identity. I was caught red-handed in my own sexual temptation. For a moment I didn't remember that I had the option of just ignoring it. The nature of bumble gives me the freedom of sending the first message or letting the match died. It was the perfect setting to test waters. And so, I continued. The second swipe to the right was a match, as well. There wasn't a third. 

I sent the messages and turned the phone down. Not much later, when I took the phone again I saw the moment when one of the guys' names disappeared from the screen, as it does when a match is deleted. He could have let it die in 24 hours. Instead, he rejected me. 

Catching my own breath from the sucker punch to my sexual self-worth, I deleted the second guy even before he had the chance to respond or follow the other man's steps. 

The last girl didn't reply to my last message. I haven't replied to the first one. I did not delete them, although I can't think of a reason why. Maybe I will, soon. 

...

Alda invited me to this event in her faculty of engineering. The date is the same as the show in cafe cleopatra the following Friday, the one I had kept in my head for inviting the french girl. Since it won't happen, I proposed that the two of us could go. She can't, she has a shift that early morning. 

I told Armando that I've been thinking about asking her directly if she wants to meet again or not. I think about her mixed signals and feel annoyed at them, even though I can clearly see myself that I am mostly annoyed at myself for allowing me to be fooled by them. I don't want her niceness or her pity. She knows I am trans, do I think she tries to not hurt my feelings because of it? 

I thought he would mock me for being pathetic. I was waiting for that kind of slap to the face that would force me to delete her and move on. Except I really wasn't, because then I would have asked Monica. He, unlike she would have, told me to do it. 

Alda did the same thing. _Nothing to lose if you do, other than a bit of self esteem._ _It seems like you wanna do it, so why not?_ 

I was thinking about what to say. Do I really want to? I knew I would, again, feel these pair of hands grasping the insides of my chest and making a fist around my lungs. Why did I do it? 

When I asked Armando for suggestions, he proposed telling her I was myself and I had changed numbers before asking her again to do something soon. I laughed, of course she knew I had changed numbers, Whatsapp notifies my contacts. 

"No, it doesn't", he replied back, "it didn't notify me." 

When I sent him the screenshot that Monica had sent me when I specifically asked her, I saw how it was a message from my new number. _Fuck, was he right?_ 

The idea both startled me and relaxed me, like two hands interlocking fingers. It would mean that if she had sent me a message after Thursday, I wouldn't have received it, because it was sent to my previous number. Maybe she did and thought *I* was the one ignoring her? How funny would that be? And by funny, I, of course, mean the exact thing that would make me not feel like a piece of human waste. 

I told Eliseo, right under a couple of messages where he told me to just forget about her, about my recent discovery. He shot it down. Before the pieces of my crushed hope could hit the ground, he sent me a picture of the notification that he recieved on the old conversation with the previous number where it states that I changed numbers and suggests him to add me to his contacts. 

_Oh, don't worry, I knew_, she might tell me tomorrow. 

If she replies back at all, that is.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2021-11-30
Words:   808
Minutes: 35

"Hey Sofia, I saw that yea and I had written to check you could still see my messages but yea I think was writing at the wrong place... How are you?" 

...

I have a date tomorrow. We agreed to meet for a coffee in the evening after job. MarieLine. 

The girl from Bumble replied back after I thought she wouldn't. The conversation kept going. There's no date yet, but I am pretty sure that I could ask after her next reply and I would meet her soon. Stephanie. 

All day I kept archiving and looking at Kate's conversation waiting for something to happen. The _last seen online_ time stayed the same all morning. When it finally changed, my message was still at the top. It wasn't until after I arrived home from the groceries and from the depanneur that I got a response. 

I opened it while she was online. She must have seen me there. Still I took a screenshot and sent it to Armando before writing anything. The last message sent to Monica, I deleted it. She's replying to me, after I asked her how she's been. I wanted to tell her about these girls, I need her to tell me how I am back on that same path that I crawled months ago. It was awful, it all started with me falling strongly for the false promises of a french girl. And then looking for a distraction in meetings with a bunch of strangers. She'd see what I am noticing but don't dare to admit. 

_Pretty sus_. I wrote to Armando and he agreed. 

It's bullshit. Of course she didn't send me anything. She was ignoring me. I know it as well as Eliseo and Monica knew it. I know it's bullshit but it still tastes so sweet, and I've eaten it all completely.

...

I finished the 'Normal People' book last night. I could not sleep. It wasn't like those nights where I sleep in 15-20 minutes intervals, I really did not sleep a bit. At around 4 in the morning I grabbed the kindle and started reading. It was around 6 when the sun started to come out and I decided to get up and shower.

I had a cup of coffee and watched something on the computer, although, I honestly can't recall what it was. I sent the e-mail to Louis asking him if he wanted to meet at the lab. Outside the snow kept falling pretty strongly. I added a sentence telling him we could meet later if he would not be going. Instead he replied maybe a half an hour later with his free schedule. 

I sat in his office when got there. I saw him work. It motivated me a little bit to actually do some of my own work. Still, because I haven't slept at all in more than 24 hours, at around noon I felt like screaming and running. 

Reza was in the office after I came back from Louis'. 

I kept replying to Steph. She's the girl from the US. She studied her undergrad at mcgill. We talked about the library and books. 

Last night I talked with MarieLine, she's the canadian woman who's going to start her new job in a couple of weeks. She works with human rights and I'll meet her tomorrow. We exchanged numbers. If I don't hear from her at around noon, I should send her a message to confirm with my propositions for places. We could go to the brunch place to which I didn't end up taking Kate. They sell coffee and beers and food. Santropol is another good option and is also closer. 

Steph could not reply back. MarieLine could not answer my message tomorrow and still I wouldn't care.

I am drunk with Vodka and the lies of a french woman. 

"My friend told me about it Saturday and he said they have been promoting it a lot. Deep down I was hoping I would see you there."

"Oh yes! I really wanted to be there actually. Oh, and I would have loved to see you there."

"I'll exchange tou videos of the event if you tell me all about [it] when I see you"

"She wrote that", she sent with a picture of a book titled: _I hope we choose love: a trans girl's notes from the end of the world_ "I'll send you a podcast she spoke on that I loved.

"Deal," she ended quoting my proposal, signing it with an emoticon surrounded by hearts. Had I have sent it, Monica wouldn't have approved.

"You got it. I'll wait for it!" I continued, talking about the podcast she offered, "I promise I won't change numbers again"

"Hopefully not!", she finished, with almost the same last words the computer scientist spoke to me before disappearing. 

