------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 2nd, 2025
Date: 2025-03-02
Num Words: 2460
Num Minutes: 76

 Te amaré en este futuro y el próximo.   I am still not quite there, but I will arrive soon.

I was out last night. I went out with Majo and Zahra­—is that her name?—for Nuit blanche.   I am almost as drunk as I expected I would be.

Last night. Yesterday. I do not remember the first half of the day.

Does it matter?

Majo kept mentioning several times throughout the week Aliza's suggestion of meeting this Saturday. I would have forgotten all about it, had she not brought it up.

I have not filled out my small passport journal. I am not sure I will be able to recall whatever I have done this week. It is all just half-remembered memories.

nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo is playing on my television in front of me. I looked at the almost empty tall glass on my right. I get distracted by the song's lyrics.

Thursday I went to bed really late. I sent Louis some plots for the latest model I replicated that he needed for his grant. He replied Friday early morning that we could talk about it whenever I woke up. We ended up chatting in the early afternoon. I did not go to the Neuro all week. I have a faint memory of going to the Glenn's, but it feels misleading.

One of the days I am sure I did not go to the Neuro, I went groseries shopping and got everything I needed to fully embrace my decision of being vegetarian. A subsequent trip to la fruteria confirmed the gesture by buying the missing ingredients to start cooking the meals that ChatGPT helped me plan for the week.

Yesterday. Yesterday I took the metro and got off at Place d'armes. It was going to be the special evening close to spring where the metro does not close and there are a bunch of events all througout the city. I have never really participated in it. I remember years ago, watching a story of Kate going out during it with her Mexican friend. Majo invited me—or maybe it was me who proposed it?—to do something for it. For a reason I have forgotten, I got there earlier. I wandered around and browsed the book shops. I found two books of poetry that tempted me deeply to buy them. Instead I took pictures of their covers, planning to look for them on the library.

María finally texted me that she was on her way. She was ovulating and bloated and in pain; she had to stop by the pharmacy. Maybe that was the reason. In her text she acknowledged that I mentioned not having the energy to make a decision, but perhaps I could look at the program and find something that caught my interest. I switched off the screen of my phone and put it away in my pocket instead.

We finally met outside the entrance of the book store. We browsed it a bit more, before wandering around at the different expositions. We ended up not really watching anything, but I did not mind. Nothing really interested me anyway.

She mentioned a friend of her had texted her. She was the iranian woman that I met the same night of my third date with Clara when I met Clara. Somewhen at the Iranian cafe where we had dinner, she made a reference to it with her out-of-nowhere question: oh, you cut your hair. 

We did not meet with Zahra, until after the second half of the night. During the first one we just wandered, exploring and talking about what has happened. I was supposed to meet Aliza today. She had been insisting subtly to meet. Majo brought up the suspiction that she might want to break up with me, platonically.

Later in the night, when we were already at Palais de Congres and had gone to meet Zahra and her belgian friend, Aliza texted me asking if we could meet earlier, sometime around 14h or 15h; she had to be around 17h30 at Lionel-Groulx. I told María how I was annoyed by the idea of this demotion. She was the one who proposed meeting Sunday in the afternoon/evening. So this new plan, must have come up afterwards, meaning it was a higher priority than me, causing this rescheduling less than 24h before. I did not even feel that motivated to see her. I held off the urge to cancelling altogether. I feel I was being as irrational as the previous Sunday—was it last week? No. It has been more than a week since the last time I met with Clara.

It gets harder and harder to write. I have to mutter outload the words I write, to confirm they make sense. Is this what I wanted? Is this what I was looking for, when I put on pants and a winter coat and went outside in the cold winter to buy a second bottle of liquor to lose my mind with?

I did nothing wrong.

Not today. Today I might have made a mistake, maybe. But with all of this. I did what I could. I did the best I could of. I have grown. I am not making the same mistakes. This is different, even if I cannot see it yet. Even if it still feels so painfully familiar.

But I have not even finished with yesterday.

When we met with María's friend and adjunct, they were dancing silently with headphones over their head. Silent disco. Or something like that. They suggested us to join them. Fortunately, we did not. We wandered around and waited for them. Even we they joined us, we kept wandering aimlessly, until we left towards the iranian café.

All throughout the journey, I kept being annoyed and irritated by our three companions. Any time that I felt uncomfortable, I would look ahead into the distance and try to remember Idea's poem that Majo suggested we should memorize as a joke.

Ya no será  Ya no  No viviremos juntos  No criaré a tu hijo  No coseré tu ropa  No te tendré de noche  No te besaré al irme  Nunca sabrás quien fui  Por qué me amaron otros. 

No llegaré a saber  por qué ni como nunca  si era de verdad  lo que dijiste que era  ni quién fuiste  ni qué fui para ti  que hubiera sido  vivir juntos  querernos  esperarnos  estar. 

Ya no seré mas que yo  para siempre  y tú no serás para mí  más que tú.   Ya no estás en un día futuro  no sabré dónde vives  ni con quien  ni si te acuerdas.  No me abrazarás nunca  como esa noche  nunca. 

No volveré a tocarte. 

No te veré morir. 

I ended up doing it. I memorized it.

At the restaurant I sat down to the right of María. The two iranian women in front of her, the belgian friend to their left, in front of me. After they were suggesting dishes after negotiating in Farsi with the owner and the waiter, Majo mentioned that I was vegetarian. This quirky decision that morphed into whatever it is now, allowed me to have my own food and not partake in the expensive tryout of dishes that I would probably not have liked due to the overuse of Mint.

I had confessed to Majo that I did not want to go home. The metro was supposed to be available all througout the night.

"¿Por qué no quieres ir a casa?"

"Because at home is where I think and feel."   In my current chat with María, I was telling her how I have drunk almost all of the bottle of vodka that I got myself today. She asked me if I was drinking water. I answered negatively and then shared the insight about how purposefully I avoid it; I want this to make me puke and suffer just enough that it will make me regret it; maybe this is some sort of punishment.

She asked me if I was feeling ill, physically.

"No por el alcohol. Me duele el pecho. No es dolor. Depende si vomito o no, quizá mañana me sienta mal. Ya pensaba avisar que no estoy bien." 

She asked about tell whom. My lab?

I answered that my lab did not have to know. She then asked what I was going to tell them, or Louis.

"just that I am not feeling alright. he never pushes; even if he does, he knows i am not well, mentally.

"tengo un mes para preparar el seminario. i am not pressured by time. i can dwell for a bit more.

"i guess. even my mental breakdowns are planned."  We left the Iranian café maybe a half-an-hour after its closing time. I paid for my single vegetarian dish—that I ended up liking more than the aash soup that was the only single other vegetarian option that they each got as appetizers and I managed to try from Majo's plate. The after-meal tea was a courtesy of the house. We walked back to the closest entrances to the RES, and then managed our way back to Complex Desjardins, where María and I left them to the instructions of the show of a dancing class show.

I decided to join María until Lionel-Groulx, where I could take, by myself in introspection, the orange line back to my apartment.

I put on my headphones and hid from the outside hurting world. I did not even flinch when I sat down by the end of the quai at Lionel-groulx and the homeless man sitting to my left on the banch lit off his crack pipe right next to me. I sat there and did not move at all when he stood up to start his round of begging to the people waiting for the train. I got inside the next wagon and sat down for the rest of the trip.

I walked back here like I always do. Maybe I recited the poem again once or twice. Maybe I flinched by the low temperatures and my unfit choice of coat. I just know that I got here, changed my clothes before getting to bed and found a green circle around Clara's portrait—a green circle that had not appeared since my redownload of the app days before that I reached out to Paty. I opened the story, not even worrying about being one of the first people up in the list of viewers. The story was not newborn. It was just a shot of a theatre screen, aged around 3h, with a phrase in spanish crossing down between the shadows of two spectators in front of the picture taker.

I fell asleep somewhen. I do not remember when. It does not really matter.

I woke up several times before I really did.

Around noon, maybe, I saw the green halo again. I clicked on it, even hastier that the eve before; this time, I must have been one of the first viewers, since it was not older than 5 minutes. It was a video of Clara, spinning uptop a pole, showcasing her progress on her 4th class of poledancing. She was wearing the same black shorts and dark wine top that I must have seen before, despite never seeing it in person. She spun around. She extended one of her arms and twisted her legs linked by her ankles. It was one of them that caught my attention. There was a red small object wrapping one of her ankles. I remembered the ankle bracelet that I chose and bought for her in Coyoacán. I gave it to her on the night we slept together, before she brought up from her totebag the magnet that holds on my fridge the notes she wrote about me on two separate occasions. The bracelet had not passed my own foot. I worried about my sexual dysmorphic characteristics, so when it did not go through hers, I felt a mixture of relief and disappointment. I suggested wearing it as a regular bracelet before she put it away somewhere in her stuff. I remember the fleeting thought subsequent dates later, after glanzing at her wrist and noticing her absence, worrying about the significance it had for her. And here I was, after hours after noon, way past the 12h mark of hiding from the world and reality under the covers and comfort of my own bed, noticing the same colour, the same thickness, wondering if somehow she would have made an effort, managed to successfully make  it work; wearing a piece of my past despite discarding my future. 

Around 15h or 16h in the morning, either I decided to delete instagram again or I managed to get off my bed and outside the safety of my apartment. I did both, but I have forgotten the order. 

First I went to the depanneur next door. I bought a bag of chips and a can of thai tea. I wondered about getting a bottle of wine, but none of it convinced me. I brought back my shameful loot, before heading further away to the SAQ, where I bought a bottle of vodka, that is already gone. 

The day passed. It is over. 

Another week has passed without a response from her, despite, now, me reaching out confessing, what she probably already knew—and maybe even be the cause she ran away—that I missed her. 

I replied back to Kath's almost year old text message. The response went away in green bubbles, potentially meaning she has further moved away from the phone number that I have saved on mine. 

I sent out a text to Hilary, the girl I went out with last week. I shared that I did not know what had happened during our date, but guessed that it was not meant to be a meaningful connection. I wished her the best as a euphemism of letting her know that I was meaning to cut off contact with her forever. 

I deleted instagram after downloading the 45s video of Clara spinning around a pole. I got a response from Paty. Several messages letting me know she had—or was gonna-heard my audios and a subsequent audio message furthering her reaching out. I replied back, holding off the urge of begging her not to abandon me, not just yet. 

The bottle of vodka is gone. There is yet half of the soy chocolate milk that I bought halfly as a mixer on my way back from SAQ. I glanze at the tall glass while I hear All I've ever known on the television, muttering the words that I am writing down as I feel my eyes watering.

A lot has happened today that nothing would.  

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 4th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-04
Num Words: 1517
Num Minutes: 24

 No me abrazarás nunca como esa noche nunca.   This morning it was not because of the alcohol, but, like yesterday, I woke up early again. Unlike this previous one, there was no urgent e-mail that dragged me out of bed. I remained under the covers, resistant to start the new day, turning and pretending I could fool myself back to sleep. I might have texted Majo or replied to Sonny's text. As I told Fabiola later in the morning, these past few days seem foggy and distant.

Yesterday I woke up much less hungover than I deserved. I saw in my phone an e-mail addressed only for me. Louis was asking me to check out a specific section of his grant. He gently suggested urgence with the sentence where he let me know he had to submit it that day. I went to me desktop and reviewed quickly the document. There was not much to add, yet less than a handful perfect opportunities to further precise or correct small errors that would make me seem useful. I sent it back quickly with an accompanying offer in the text of the e-mail offering to quickly chat about it after I took a shower. Louis accepted gracefully letting me know he would be on Teams for the rest of the morning.

After the quick meeting were we talked about it—including him explicitly bringing up his reference to me by name and addressing me as a Postdoc fellow, since I was already showered and semi-functional, I decided to grab my backpack and head out to the Neuro.

Several times throughout the first half of the day, as I heard the latest songs I added to my Apple Music playlist, I had to hold off the urge to cry trying to hide my inner turmoil from Vlad who was sitting behind me.

I came back home at a regular hour. Rather than walking to Sherbrooke, I headed down to McGill station, trying to explore this part of the RESO. I got until Eaton, before I gave up and just rode the green line up to Berri, where I transfered to my usual way home. For some reason I have the memory of walking back home at night, but it contradicts what I think happened.

I got home and heated the rest of my chickpeas and lentils curry. I rinsed the cup of chickpeas that I had left soaking the night before. They were supposed to cook for 90 minutes. I planned to use them today for the third and last recipe that ChatGPT suggested me. I might do it tonight, if I do not end up eating something with Majo later that I see her.

It was around 19h, when I felt sick of life and decided to give up and go to bed early. I was not allowed to sleep since there was around 20 minutes before the cooking deadline. Still, I took of my quetiapine pill. I do not feel anymore its effect, or at least as strongly. I remember, on the other hand, the hard nights I would have with Lorasidone.

I have forgotten the time that I finally fell asleep. I managed to put away, and even let cool off a little, the now not-dry legumes. I was tempted to write on the journal, but decided against it. My day seemed uneventful and I lacked motivation. I did not care about writing, much less describe how I was feeling.

I might be making it up, but I have this vague memory of opening over and over the messages app in my phone. I deleted my reaching out to Katherine. It took me more than 6 months—I think her vulnerable text was back from July—to get back to her. When I did write back, my message was sent as green rather than blue. Maybe it is the sign of a modern return to sender.

The temptation to reach back to Gaelle was there, present but faint. The last message was hers, a small concession, j'aurais aimé tellement ça. It was my unwritten turn to acknowledge our mutual—yet probable exaggerated—desire. Except it was not there aymore. I did not want her. I do not care about ever seeing her bare body in person. I feel no conflict about never disclosing to her the unexpected parts that I did not show in the pictures.

The comparison feels even stupid to bring up, but I cannot help to think back about how those two unreplied messages date back to the same day.

This morning, in my therapy session, I talked back about what has happened. All the events, I am sure happened, but cannot recall. This session, more than ever, I was justified in answering truthfully to her opening Cómo estás? 

A week ago she brought up the idea that, maybe, more than a start of a depression, this was just a regular case of feeling sad. Majo agreed with the sentiment. At least up, until this weekend, after which she was the one who brought up me going somewhere clinical, albeit unsure still if towards the manir or depressive route.

Aliza gracefully took my cancellation. Later that Sunday, I shared with her a follow-up apology and an acknowledgement that it would have been impossible for me to go outside. She replied yesterday morning, accepting my apology and ending the message with a paradoxical good-morning. I saw the message but left it unacknowledged.

Majo, later at night, brought up, almost insistently, the idea of coming up to my house around midnight. Perhaps she was aware that I did not want to be alone. Maybe, instead, she deemed it dangerous. She let the idea go herself, by realizing that she had no keys to my place. I would have let her in, wouldn't I?

Did she worry that I would pass out?

Did I?

This morning—I remember now—I asked her if she would go to the Glen. I confessed I did not want to be alone, subtly letting her know I wanted to be invited to come with her. I missed the detail she had already told me before about how today she was supposed to go to the Neuro. I do not know why I did not want to go to my own office. Would not I be also not alone?

She suggested going to the hospital anyway and working at their library.

"no tiene caso que vaya tan lejos si no vas a estar" 

The available half-an-hour before therapy that I often do not have, came useful this morning. I cooked some eggs with vegetables like—was it yesterday or the weekend? I brewed some coffee and sat down in my couch, getting ready to therapy, trying to put order to whatever has happened inside my head.

This session was frustrating. Fabiola asked me what ways have I found useful to manage my anger. Resignated, I let her know how I have tried many things, but nothing has worked. I brought up that time, almost 10 years ago, when Zayra confronted me about it in class. My throat betrayed me when I confessed I feel anger as drowning. She asked me what do I do when I get angry. Then, just like now, I did not have an answer to give her, Fabiola, or myself.

I have done sports. Without realizing, I had a childhood full of them; summers of swimming lessons; multiple years of tae-kwon-do, exams and tournaments; basketball, soccer matches—albeit all of them unwinned. I have my attempts of jogging at Mt-Royale, my long long bordering on compulsive walks through the city, the mornings at the pool or the spinning bycicle at des Pins' gymnaseum.

She suggested tennis, baseball; darts; dancing, singing. I ignored the ideas, looking elsewhere and feeling how I was shutting down. She noticed and brought it up. Perhaps she was pushing, she conceded. I was already gone.

She confessed, too, how she felt conflicted about ending the session like that. I made no reassuring comment, aware our own roles in the session. We said good-bye and I disconnected.

I took a shower. I felt the anger in my voice as I spoke to myself, maybe even berating me. I got ready for the day, grabbed my stuff and headed out the apartment.

I had a Teams message from Daniel. I saw the notification somewhen during the exchange with Fabiola. I discarded it, thinking I would reply later. When I came out of the shower, I saw his follow-up in my e-mail. I let him know that I read his questions and would answer later in the day. I thought I could come up here to the library and take my time to find out the information he was needing.

In the end, after picking up the third reserved book that had been put away from me, coming to a spot un one of the upper floors and settling in, that was exactly what I did.

Any moment now, I will put everything away and go to Thomson to sit down, read, and wait for Majo.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, March 5th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-05
Num Words: 1085
Num Minutes: 39

 No llegaré a saber por qué ni cómo nunca ni si era de verdad lo que dijiste que era   It was around 2h, or maybe 3h, when I realized I had not taken my antipsychotics. It was not until that quick and innocent realization that I became overly aware of the thumb ring on my right hand. A missed signal.

Hours before, the night started. I was already in bed, feeling the full weight of the night on my chest.

"I'm not ready to let her go," I wrote to Majo, fully knowing that the confession would go unread until after the sunrise.

I cannot start today's entry at the morning. This day began much much earlier.

I finished writing at the library. I had done enough to feel sufficiently productive and leave. Majo was at the Neuro. She told me we could met at Thomson at around 17h or 18h. If I left just then, I could get early to Thomson, sit down somewhere and read alone until Majo would arrive to join me. That seemed as a viable plan. I took my stuff and left.

I took the 24 bus and walked uphill to the graduate's house. I got inside and searched for a place to sit. Without realizing it, I chose the same room where Majo and Emily had beend seating for quite a while. I recognized María, but was unsure how busy or available she was for me. I waited for her invitation to join them. Still, I approached them slow and cautious, as if they were savage animals ready to devour me.

We stayed at that table for much longer than I had imagined I would. When I planned my solitude reading, I considered ordering me a small glass of cider. I thought back to my crisis this past Sunday, and realized that would not be the best idea. One of the first words that the pair of friends addressed at me was the missing context of how they were celebrating Emily's candidacy exam. That should not have been enough, yet it convinced me to step up and start the journey to the bar and get myself a moscow mule to fully join them.

I am unsure how long Emily stayed making us three at the table. I remember it was more than what I would have wanted. There was something about her that I found exhausting at first, and outright annoying as the night progressed.

"me recordó a la actitud de muchos hombres that put me off of having male friends."

After Emily finally left, Majo and I remained. We talked about Sunday, how normal it was for me, how worried she should have been. We kept the conversation about the possibility of me starting a clinical episode. She brought up my erratical behaviour recently; reaching out to Kath after longs months of silence; the exchange of nudes with Gaelle; my recent outbursts of irritability.

The night carried on around us, until the waiter came first to let us know the kitchen was closing, then to cry out the last call, and eventually, to passive-agressively tell us, the only remaining two people sitting, that they had closed.

I was not ready to get back home. Just as we entered Peel metro station, I asked Majo if she had eaten. Her last meal had been a basket of mediocre wedges. I do not remember if I had eaten anything at all myself.

We realized that the number of places open was quite limited it being a Tuesday night appraching 22h. She humored me, and we eached looked for potential dinner spots in our own phones. We ended up going at Greenspot. I continued my vegetarian streak by getting a poutine and she got a much-larger-than-expected hot-dog. 

We entered accompanied by a worry of being unwelcome due to their imminent closing. We still left before 23h, marking what I thought would be the end to my long day.

At 1H, I missed Clara. Deeply, achingly; with a much larger magnitude than what would be appropriate for such a short time—talking about the silence and the potential total of days we saw each other. 

After realizing my missed dose of psychotropics and the conscious decision of skipping it, I lowered down my pajama pants with the intention of aid my sleep with masturbation. There was also the second, indirect purpose of confirming that my new dose of E2 is working. I struggled to complete my first goal, paradoxically achieving the second. 

By 3h, I opened instagram and decided to read all of the message we exchanged on them after the night Clara and I met each other. I suspected it was a bad decision. I expected it to further press down the bleeding knot in my chest. What it happened took me off guard. 

Around 4h30, or maybe 5h, I was starting to realize that I would probbaly not sleep at all. There was a newfound sense of euphoria. It was a fresh calm, but not of resignation; it was content and satisfaction. Out of nowhere, I read the messages that we exchanged over the new year; those subtle nudges of affection, awkward gestures of reaching out, gentle questions about planning. I did not find any potential point where the could have evaporated. There was no sign of when it all went downhill. I thought about our second to last date, the laughter at the diner, the hug in the metro, the fleeting uninvited kiss. How could I worry that I would never see her again? Who could really believe that this was the end? 

And, even if it were. Even if she grew uneasy by my clumsy approaches to the talk about commitment, by my rough yet vulnerable sharing of my hurt and disappointment, it was her loss. It would be her who foolishly be throwing away something glorious and beautiful, deeming her unworthy; both of it and of my melancholy. 

I stood up, with all the energy of somebody who had slept, not just anything, but a full night. I washed the dishes, I showered and changed my clothes, took my stuff and went to the office at the Neuro. There was nobody at 7h30 when I opened the door and let myself in. There was nobody still at 17h40 when I closed it and left after finally starting to feel the weight, physical and emotional, of what has happened in both this energetic day and this past gloomy week.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 6th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-06
Num Words: 965
Num Minutes: 49

 Savoir qu'on n'écrit pas pour l'autre, savoir que ces choses que je vais écrire ne me feront jamais aimer de qui j'aime, savoir que l'écriture ne compense rien, ne sublime rien, qu'elle est précisément là où tu n'es pas — c'est le commencement de l'écriture. 

— Fragments d'un discours amoureux. Barthes.  Thirty-five minutes have passed since I posted it. Eight people, close friends, have seen it—three have reached out. When I first thought about making a private, intimate group, I considered making Clara the only member. This time I thought about removing her, very well-aware that part of the fundamental reason of posting this is for it to reach her eyes.

How many times will I almost-compulsively check my phone looking for her name?

Forty minutes—still the same eight.

Last night I went to bed at a reasonable hour, not overly early due to exhaustion, nor so late again to signal a clinical worry. Sometime before midnight. I woke up in the mid of the morning, well after the sun had already risen. I saw Louis' email warning us that he'd be taking a day off due to his now full flu. All meetings were cancelled. I went back to sleep.

I got up a couple of minutes before noon. I brewed coffee and cooked some eggs. I snapped a picture to send my mom later. Now that she knows I am vegetarian, I imagine she will be more worried about me having full meals. I did not send it today.

Two days ago, after joyfully declaring my close friends—real ones, not the artificial private group of instagram—that I was feeling completely better, I rescheduled Sunday's platonic date with Aliza. I saw her a couple of hours to eat ramen and catch up with the latest details of our lives.

Last night, way before going to bed, I proposed to María to buy her ticket to the concert on April 9th if she agreed to join me.

"ya lo pagué, si quiero irpero a veces sus canciones me hacen llorar y si voy sola es muy probable que llore y/o muy probable que no me la pase bn" 

I thought privately, weeks from now, of reaching to Clara asking her about what was going to happen with that concert. Now that Majo agreed to it, there is no point for that.

Fifty-two minutes. Cris is the ninth expectator.

This morning, a couple of minutes after I finished my vegetarian breakfast tacos, I received a call from Sonny. I picked it up and we chatted a little bit. She told me to invite her over and pay for her ticket. I told her to search online for the fares. She shared her screen and I suggested looking for tomorrow. It would be way too expensive was her first thought and what she replied. Instead, it was around 1,400, so cheap, I did not mind paying for it. 

Seventy-five minutes. Antonija and Lavi made it rise to eleven.

I went to my bed to continue my phone call under the covers. I told Sonny the details I had not send over about my last dates with Clara. It was really hard to contain my tears. Fortunately, that was not the case later in the day when I told them in person to Aliza, while I was the only one with a veggie ramen bowl in front of her. 

I sent an e-mail to Majo about Sonny's surprise and imminent arrival. She was so excited that she called me. She would be willing to give over some money to bring her. She had 100 usd she had received as a gift. 

When I came back, halfway through this words, I thought back how my travels through the US are much more affordable. That awoke the feeling of it being too good to be true. I went online to the aircanada website. It was not really a surprise, but I still was overly disappointed when I confirmed my worries that the one-way tickets from Mexico City to Montréal are now around 2k canadian dollars. 

I first share the news with Majo, then Sonny. I think it is impossible to really know who is the most disappointed of us three. 

Somewhen during the day, I redownloaded tinder and saw that the number of people who had liked my profile, rather than increased went down to 29. I opened the screen of matches and conversations. It was empty. 

Days ago, I noticed that Gaelle was a regular user of Telegram. She was uptop on the list of contacts ordered by their last time online. I had not-really impulsive idea. 

"hey, j;ai vu que t'es plus dans mon tinder; ça veut dire que t'en as assez de moi ?" 

I muted the conversation and discarded to the archives. 

Eighty-four minutes. No changes. 

When I came back, I resucitated the conversation and noticed two checkmarks under it. There was something weird. Under the woman's name, it said that her last time online was long ago, which contradicted the main reason I sent it. 

I asked Majo to block me for 30s in order to test my hypothesis. The scientific method triumphed again. Idea, hypothesis, experiment, results, conclusion. 

Earlier, already showered but still not ready to leave, I texted Miriam apologizing for not reaching out weeks—or was it even months ago? We scheduled to see each other next Wednesday. She will come pick me up and we will go to a bakery around Mont-Royal. I need to write it down into my traveller's notebook.

That and the other eventful things I might have missed these past days since I concluded again that I should make a bigger effort to keep a consistent use of it.

It's precisely midnight. Ninety minutes. Clara did not appear. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March 8th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-08
Num Words: 2193
Num Minutes: 44

 Ya dime si quieres estar conmigo o si mejor me voy.  Tus besos dicen que tú sí me quieres, pero tus palabras no.  Y, al chile, yo hasta moriría por ti, pero dices que no.  No eres directa, neta, ya me estás cansando; sé concreta, por favor. 

Fuentes de Ortiz. Ed Maverick.  Unexpectedly, the main question of the night turned out to be whether to write or not to write.

I decided not to write, in here. Instead, I went to bed.

I do not remember how the day started.

Going to the library was at the top of the plans for the day. Online, the conclusion of my research, stated that it was forbidden to drink or eat at the BAnQ. That should have led me to drink my coffee at home; perhaps I spend some of the morning working at my own computer.

I did end up going outside. I grabbed my stuff and head outside. Coming out, as I stepped off the entrance of my building, the faint image of the lettering uptop the 30 bus appeared far ahead into the street. I hopped briskly towards the bus stop just a couple meters ahead. Midway, I raised my left hand, signaling the bus driver of my intentions. I caught the bus and rode it until the library, around 30 slow bus stops on the way.

The tables at the BAnQ were mostly full. This time, rather than the stairs, I used the elevator to climb to the highest floor. I found one on the very end of building, where I put my stuff and sat down to work.

The plan was for having dinner at the Glen's cafeteria. María was to text me whenever I could go join her. It was around 16h30 when she send the green light. I asked for a couple more minutes to finish whatever I was doing. Earlier that morning, Reza sent us an email offering himself to turn off and unplug our computers due to the generator tests this morning. He was going to leave at around 17h30. There was that deadline in my head, given I knew I would probably not go to the office this weekend to turn it back on.

I remember now how my day started. I grabbed the phone and looked at the story I had posted for my newborn close friends group. It might have been around the 12h mark, maybe a bit more. I've forgotten the number of expectators, but Clara was at the top, just below those who had reacted to them. I did not mention this to Majo until we were leaving the hospital much later in the day. As I talked then during our metro ride home, my feelings about it were mixed. The night before, as I was writing this, I kept checking that list hoping to see her name among them. But what difference would it make? It was not as if I expected that image to push her to reach out of her silent exile from my life. As I could have predicted had I given it more reflection, when I did see her name and reddish portrait, there was no sense of relief nor accomplishment. I had proof that she still remembers I exist, but nothing more. It was not even a sign of active search, as I had reflected many years ago with Kate, how you can swipe mindlessly through the stories that instagram throws at you without necessarily giving them any attention.

I walked to the RI. María came to the entrance to let me in. She had suggested me to wait for her at the cafeteria, but then asked me if I wanted instead to leave my stuff at her office. We ended up doing that.

Both food options for Union at the cafeteria included meat. Previously, I had dropped my vegetarian intentions for the event of a cheap meal. This time instead, I opted to grab a larger portion of soup and the small coffee. Majo chose the chicken fried rice, but ended up leaving most of it. I pushed away the chicken pieces I could find and ate her carrots.

During dinner, we talked about her latest annoyances with her labmates. Seline and Shub ambushing her by inviting a personan non-grata behind her back to an indian dinner. She keeps avoiding Lavi's calls. A couple of days before she told me about Joseph, the Filipino postdoc in her lab.

Just typing the word postdoc brought me a cold shudder, born in my stomach and crawling all through my spine. Next month I will be hearing about the results of my funds application. Deep down I know the most probable outcome is going to be a rejection. My publications are few and irrelevant. While the proposal is sound, the methods might be either too complicated—as it was the case in Louis'—or too basic to warrant a 3 year support, like Mahsa observed.

I am halfly expecting to be rejected. It's as if I convince myself that I disappointment is the most likely outcome, I can prepare myself to stand more readily the blow. My plans all surround the less desirable outcome. To get out the publications that are in the way, to continue my production of studies that are the base of what I had proposed, to reach out to Louis talking about the possibility of moving to France, after the end of the year under Sylvia's supervision. Even to justify my lack of searching for a new apartment in Verdun, all of this depends on me not getting what I want.

It might have been a bit before we left the hospital that I told her about posting the picture of the tables inside the brewery in NYC and the heartfelt confession about feeling tempted to head back to instagram and the dilemma of whether this false sense of connection was enough to betray my own values. I told her that I considered taking Clara out of the selected group of people the image would reach. I ignore how conscious I was about the falsehood of that idea and about the real intention of posting something in there that would get to her; not only that, but something that would show as a green circle, something accompanied by this symbolic promotion to a special status of acquaintance, of closeness. 

Would she wonder, as I did back in December, how long ago and for what reasons, did I choose her to be in this group? 

On the metro ride, I stated how there was no perfect outcome that I could even just imagine, much less hope for. Even the almost impossible idea of her reaching out, saying | miss you, I am sorry, I want you, would not be relieving. They would be tainted by the realization that this can never work. So, what did I want? Did I prefer the silence that would seal our last good-bye? Or maybe I wanted a rejection text, something like Sophie's or Bea's resurrection with a half-truth explanation of why she is deciding not to see me again? 

In the past week since I had sent that last message, I thought about reaching out asking about the logistics of the concert, to buy the print she would ever make of our double-exposures, to get back the negatives I gave her, eventually, used or not. Last morning, I woke up and thought about sending if this is your way of saying good-bye, it is really painful. I think I deserve better. 

María and I got to Jarry. We stepped off the metro station and made our first stop at SAQ. I grabbed a bottle of fireball. We continued walking through Jarry street. The second stop was the larger depanneur. She grabbed the salt and vinegar chips. I went for the can of Arizona spiked half tea and half lemonade. The last and final stop was the depanneur next to my house; we grabbed a can of thai tea and a bottle of jamaican ginger beer. 

We finally entered my building. I opened the door for Majo to enter first. As I opened the inside door, I showed her the single key that I use to enter saying how we have to make only a single copy for her to have. For my apartment, I opened the door and entered in front of her. We put away the stuff we bought first. I place my phone face up next to the drinks, before moving on to leave the backpack on the table and take off my coat and shoes. I was standing in the middle of the apartment, on my socks, when I saw the screen light up and unconsciously recognized the name and/or videocamera emoji. I felt a sense of urgent anguish. I did not know where to move, what to do. 

"She just texted," I let out robotically and showed her. Majo was as surprised as I was. I had only read the first line or two that was available in the notification. miss you too. sorry. not an amazin period of time. I desperately and with meaningless words tried to ask Majo to read it with me, maybe even read it first. I felt lost in my own apartment. 

When my senses came back to me, I sat down at the couch and read it. 

"Hey," it started. No name, no cute nickname, but rather two whitespaces before continuing, "miss you too." I could see in my head the green bubble surrounding the hey. i miss you that should be above, but that I had just that morning deleted. 

"Sorry this is not an amazing periof of time right now I hope you don't hate me too much. And that things are good despite life being life." If the message would have ended here, I would have seen it only as a way of apologizing for the silence. Halfly accepting blame and recognizing she must have hurt me. Setting the reasoning for not continuing further, subtly marking an end. But, it did not end there.

"I saw you were back on insta how do you feel?" She referenced the post I made, acknowledging her presence in the list of viewers. Perhaps, without realizing, letting out how the reminder of my existance was the push she needed to step out of the quietness. Like many messages before since we met, she ended it with a question, a gesture to continue, and invitation to reply back. 

Like many times now since I met her, I felt confused. I stated out loud that we were now going to watch the movie and not think about it. Both Majo and I were too distracted by this unexpected turn of events to pay too much attention to the movie I was supposed to be watching on that couch with Clara rather than her. 

We did finish the movie, after many interruptions commentating both it, and this message. Majo did not like it.

After we finished it, Majo suggested we ask the tarot deck that Alda gave me for signs about whether I should reply back or not. Like last time, I use chatGPT as a reference of how to read the cards. It suggested The Crossroads Spread, a spread designed for moments of uncertainty, hesitation, and emotional conflict. It consisted in five cards, The Root, to find out what is driving me to text back; Paths A & B, the two choices of whether saying nothing or answering back; The Hidden Influence, for the subconscious belief shaping my decision; and, lastly, The Final Outcome, what action will bring me the most peace. 

The summary of the reading was the following: 

1. The Lovers (The Root) → You are standing at the edge of something that has already ended, still searching for a choice that no longer exists. 

2. King of Pentacles (Reversed) (Ignoring the Message) → You fear that doing nothing means losing control, that silence is surrender rather than strength. 

3. 9 of Cups (Reversed) (Responding to the Message) → Reaching out will not bring satisfaction—only more longing, more emptiness, more proof that this is already gone. 

4. Temperance (The Hidden Influence) → You are not searching for Clara—you are searching for balance, for inner peace, for relief from the discomfort of unspoken endings. 

5. The High Priestess (The Final Outcome) → You already know what to do. Trust yourself. The only action left is no action at all. 

María left. I asked her to text me when she got back. I went to bed without replying, but unconvinced that I would remain in silence.

This morning I gave myself my injection. Later, in the afternoon, I sent my reply. 

"idk if I'm back just yet, guess i was just sharing the thought out loud with a few people. I'm not too bad. I don't hate you, but i did notice the silence. How are you? is everything okay?"

For some reason, I do not feel now the same uneasiness about how long is going to take before getting an answer back. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 9th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-09
Num Words: 810
Num Minutes: 23

"Creo que no es sorpresa  "Es como wtf  "Pensé que era más ajustada a la realidad [...]"Pero regresó y me da vibes that she's definitely not okay [...]"This could get toxic"Espero que me esté equivocando"   This morning time changed. We lost an hour. I got up later without having slept any more. 

Like weeks ago, I grabbed my phone looking for a specific notification. Instead I texted with Majo. I told her how I had not gotten up. I shared that I have not washed my sheets and they are starting to smell. 

I did get up eventually. I showered and got ready. The deadline to return the Barthes book was today. It was impossible to delay the return, thus I spent most of the afternoon yesterday finishing it. 

By the time I was ready to leave the house, it was already past noon despite me running on an hour behind since my mark of reference were the unchanged alarm clock in my room and microwave clock in my kitchen. Brewing coffee was no longer an option. I did take the long way and made a stop at the bakery. 

The first stop was the library at Berri. I could have returned the book at those machines without having to enter the library. There were four more days available to postpone picking up the other Despentes book the have reserved for me. My plan was to take the metro back to Sherbrooke and wait for the 144 bus. The wait for the bus could be anything between a couple of minutes to half-an-hour. I went inside and looked for the same code that I have looked for a handful of times this past month. 

When I got back to the metro, mistakenly I took the same way that I had come from. I did not realize the error of my way until the robotic voice warned us about a slowing before getting to the next station. Since I had positioned myself close to the door, I could easily get off at Champ de mars to return to the right way. The opposite train arrived as I was halfway through my way on the opposite platform. 

The wait for the bus at Sherbrooke was only 15 minutes. I managed to read the first chapter inside the metro station as the countdown on the screen above went closer and closer to  zero. I stepped outside and continued reading for the last 3 minutes of wait. The man who had exited to wait at bus stop before me looked at me, then at the book in my hands, and smiled. He started talking but the music of my earphones made it impossible for me to understand. I took the right bud and moved my head suggesting him to start over. He spoke too quickly and too québécois for me to be sure what he said. It was a comment about how it had been long since he had seen it. I was amazed that a middle-aged men had made a comment about the queer feminist manifesto in my hands, until I caught up with the possibility he was just talking about referenced King Kong.

I arrived to the Neuro and walked into my office. By plugging in my work computer I finished with the second of the three goals for my second half of the weekend. I left my stuff and decided to use the two elevators to get to the cafeteria. The way there was calm and solitary. The door of the cafeteria was closed, making easy to see the opening hours and realizing that I had been an hour too late. 

Defeated, I took the first elevator back and entered the room in front with the vending machines. I was outraged by the fact that a starbucks coffee beverage was 6 CAD. My last hope was the vending machine in front of the second elevator. It took me around 10 minutes figuring out how to use the app and putting funds into it to buy a 2.5 CAD mediocre latte. 

I worked until the sun set and there was no more use of the daylight savings time. 

I exited through the stadium. There was still a lot of ice on the park area outside the gymnaseum. I slipped on the last stretch, scratching my knee and bending my right leg. The pain is gone by now. 

I stopped at metro to buy some groseries. Although I had only plan to buy a salad and hummus, I ended up spending around 50 CAD on a bunch of other stuff including plant-based deli meat and sausages. 

After getting home, I prepared a cup of rice and heated the last of the bean dish I had made earlier this week.

While I definitely should, I am unsure I will go to the lab tomorrow. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 11th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-11
Num Words: 1582
Num Minutes: 24

 Y, ¿de qué sirve hablar? No te quiero ver.¿De qué sirve verte si no te puedo tener aquí?Y verte así. 

Nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo. Ed Maverick.  Was it a conscious decision not to write yesterday or did I just decide not to do it?

Was it conscious, too, or was I forced to not attend the Neuro meeting?

Like the week before, I woke up and grabbed the phone waiting for an email, a notice that there was—or preferably, not—the meeting that we had been postponing or cancelling. There was something, but not what I was hoping. Louis sent out a reminder to meet us that afternoon. It was a follow-up to Daniel's original e-mail stating that the plans for that meeting would be to update everyone on the status of our research and projects. I read it and felt the heaviness of life pushing me down. It was much stronger than the motivation the night before that had led me to put an alarm early to have plenty of time to get to the office. I sent out a reply to all, letting them know that I was not feeling well. Rather than depression, the cause I used was the half-truth of my sore throat during the weekend. To them, I said that it had developed into a full flu. I was going to stay home for the next few days, so I would try—big emphasis on the lack of commitment—to connect on Teams.

Defeated, I went back to bed.

I had plenty of time to sleep a little more and get up to my desk to join the meeting. I was not able.

Around 13h, I got another email. Or perhaps it was a direct message on Teams. Louis wanted to let me know they were all ready and I could connect whenever I wanted. I had barely the energy to text out an apology that I started feeling much worse and would have to skip the meeting. Louis used an outlook feature that I am unfamiliar with to react to whatever was it the medium I sent it on with a thumbs up emoji. I am not sure how much I slept.

For some reason I do not feel like continuing writing about yesterday. It is hard to even think about what was it that happened. I am sure it was an uneventful day, yet there is still this nagging feeling that I am forgetting something.

I could not fall asleep. Midnight came and went. I took the pill at an appropriate hour. I masturbated thinking that would ease my nerves and calm me down. By 2h and 3h, I was still turning fighting my own mind and body. I decided to get up and continue working on whatever I was doing for the paper I still have not finished correcting. I lasted around two hours, before I was too tired to concentrate, albeit still not sleepy. I do not know how long it turn me to finally fall asleep.

I might have put an alarm, but if I did, it was useless. After the Daylight Saving Time, my therapy session was an hour later at noon. Even having that extra hour, I got out of bed with only enough time to dampening my hair to tame the curls and fake a fresh out of the shower look.

I think it was yesterday, when Sonny asked me how I was doing and I confessed that not very well.

"Let her go," was the only thing she said; maybe the only thing there was to say.

This morning I received a notification from my messaging app. It was Yuval, he started by reminding me who he was, and continued letting me know that he would need to come over sometime to give me the notice of lease renewal and a bottle of champagne. He was going to be around the building cleaning the shared areas so, if I were to come back, I could find him. I could have replied that I was in and he could knock and come anytime. I was not about to leave until the early evening. I had plenty of time; it would have been the best for both of us. Why did I decide against it?

In my therapy I mentioned my mood swings. I referred back the Sunday before last. I talkde how that same Tuesday when we had our last session, I met with Majo and Emily. That evening after she left, Majo and I remained there and she brought it up asking how normal those episodes were for me. She wondered how concerned she should be about it happening again. Or even it happening at all.

I brought up how I have been more intentional about keeping track of my daily life in the traveller's notebook. I mentioned the night I did not sleep at all and the euphoria and energy I had the full day. I talked about Friday and how Majo and I came back to my place to watch a movie, only to be interrupted by that text that neither of us were expecting.

Did I talk too much about that message? Did I approach the subject in depth about the confusion and mixture of emotions I felt after reading those sentences? I for sure said nothing about the double space after the comma. I most probably did not mention either that the same sentences have had several different meanings depending on the day I reread them. I definitely did not say that I deleted the whole conversation to keep it away from my mind, only to recover them back from the almost-oblivion. 

Fabiola asked me what was it that I wanted from Clara. 

Did I mention the message that I was waiting to send back? 

Clarity, was what I replied. A clear answer, was how I further explained it.

She brought up that, from what she remembers, last time we met Clara let me know she was not ready nor wanted to have anything more serious, nothing more committed, or even just consistent;  she openly stated that she would not be able to even change her ways of communicating. Fabiola continued how, these two weeks of silence and the further week of waiting before replying to my text are further evidence of that I already knew. 

"A mí me parece bastante claro."

Somewhen during the weekend Alda had reached out to me in the morning asking me for my plans for the day. Later, when I was fully awake I replied back with whatever was it that I was going to do. She continued that she had thought about asking me to do something, but since then realized that it was her second day of her period and thus would rather do it some other time. That other time was this evening. 

We had talked about coming here to Oui mais non. When we confirmed the idea of a café, Alda worried that there would not be many options open that would be open in the evening. I thought about velours and remember one date I had in the late afternoon. She was blonde and we spoke French. She worked at Marché Jean-Talon in a tea shop—was it hers? I brought up that Ouis mais non opens until around 22h, so it would be perfect for meeting at around 18h. 

In the morning I saw that the weather today was not only above 0°, but around 9°. It would be a missed opportunity to stay inside and not make use of it. Rather than wearing my red puffy coat, I grabbed the black denim jacket that I have not worn since last year. I took the laptop that Vlad gave me, the next book that I need to finish and return to the library by the end of the month, and headed out to the library. I worried a little that Yuval would see me and intercept me on the way. He did not. 

I did not stay long at the library by the time that Alda replied to my text letting her know of my plans and giving her the option of meeting at La graine brûlée. Instead, she proposed going somewhere to eat. Neither of us felt like searching for new available options. After wondering a bit, we ended up deciding to go to La Taverne Atlantic. It was the place of that terrasse that her, Sonny, and I, ended up at after wandering through Little Italy. We had forgotten its name and lost track of it, barely remember the terrasse and the feeling of wanting to go back. Months ago, while I was looking for places, I hunted for it. I forgot how, but I ended up finding it and saving it on my maps. 

We talked about doing something, perhaps, next Monday for St-Patrick's. Both Alda and Majo seem to agree with the idea of meeting the three of us together again. 

I took the 480 bus with the plan of transferring to the 193 that leaves me one or two blocks away of my house. It was still sunny outside by the time we left the bar. Instead I decided to come to Ouis mais non by myself and write here. The extra five dollars I would spend for this cup of tea seemed to be worthing not being by myself for one or two more hours. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, March 12th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-12
Num Words: 750
Num Minutes: 42

 Hey Clara, I don't know what is going on, but I sincerely hope things are well with you. I really wanted this to work, but this way of communicating has gotten very hurtful and is no longer working for me. I am sorry. I wish you the best. No need to text back.   The caption under the image of the text written down in Notes rather as a draft in Messages says I am almost there. 

I had decided to stop working and head to bed. I realized that I had not written today and I turned the computer back on.

Yuval was supposed to come over today. I felt pressured in the morning to get out of bed and be somewhat ready whenever I heard the knocking on my door. I pushed back the alarm when I woke up at 9h. Perhaps I did stand up at 10h, but probably did not do it until 11h.

I brewed my coffee and sat down on the computer. I decided not to shower. Noon came and went. Neither Yuval nor hunger ever knocked on my door.

Miriam texted me early asking for my address. I replied almost immediately and we confirmed our agreed time. I showered somewhen between 15h and 16h. My hair was still damp by the time I went out to meet Miriam who arrived punctually.

Before I showered, one of the times I absentmindedly opened instagram, a green halo over Clara's orange-tinted picture was the first one on the row of stories to the left of al the people I no longer care about. A quiet but strong impulse to click on it made my hand tremble. I held it off. I went to get ready instead.

I was changed on my outdoor clothes when I lied down on my bed and consciously saw the video. There was picture of a newspaper with Trump's face on it. On top, half covering the headline in French. Salut je cherche des recommandations pour BD/roman graphics (pas sombres, pas en série). Below, there was a box for answers captioned with a preemptive Merci and a text heart like the one she signed on the ticket that I stole from Lola Rosa.

I thought back to my own favourite graphic novels, probably trying to hunt down a reason that I could use as an excuse to reach back. Most of the books I like are dark. I could not think of a single one that could fill her criteria. Years ago, when I met *, we went somewhere on Saint-Henri, or perhaps Verdun, for brunch. She studied or taught English literaure, so I asked her for a recommendation. She mentioned Fun Home, from the queer artist Alice Bechdel famous for her eponymous movie test. I bought it and read it. I went to my living room and looked for it, as if I considered sending a picture rather than its name.

I sent nothing and left to the pastry place with Miriam.

We sat down and ate our desserts. We continued there the small-talk that had started in her car after she picked me up. We talked about our job, my plans for the future. Half-way through our friends' date, I brought up as a fun fact how I have started being vegetarian. We talked about how that is going for me, after I hopped around the details of how my motivation for that started. When I mentioned going out with two people who were vegetarian or vegan, she asked if one of them was the french one.

By the end, I did end up giving her a brief summary of how my 3-4 month whatever had come to a practical end. Like Majo, she suggested me to end things. She explained how, as a society, we have fallen to the trick of self-censoring our emotions with therapy talk and the pretense of being emotional intelligent.

"A veces un chinga tu madre, es bien merecido y hasta necesario." 

Unlike María, close to the end of our conversation, she asked me if I was going to text her, sincerely curious of my answer, aware that I would probably opt for something else entirely.

When I sent the draft to Majo, she texted back an old poem we had talked about before:

Orpheus and Eurydicus 

Every day I send you an e-mail, in it I write  my news, every time I end with a request: if 

you're there and you're well,  don't write back. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 13th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-13
Num Words: 784
Num Minutes: 30

"Sometimes the thought of skipping my meds flirts  with me. It's mornings like this, when I somehow do not need to sleep. The sun rises and I welcome it—still tireless. I get up from my unused bed. It feels like nothing can go wrong now. The world is safe. It's mine alone. I fear nothing. I can do anything. I don't need anyone."  It happened again. This time, although the energy is  still here now almost 36h of no sleeping, the euphoria vanished much much quicker. 

I don't remember how it was—how it was started. Last week—was it just last week?—it was after coming back from dinning with Majo after I was reluctant to return to an empty house. I went to bed without realizing I had skipped a dose. By the time I had realized it was already 3h and I feared that taking it so late would make it impossible to get up early enough. I have narrated already how my mood changed abruptly as the night came and left. Yesternight, I don't believe it was like that. 

I filled back my instagram, chose some of the pictures that I had, perhaps forehandedly, securely saved away in the archive rather than delete them. Changed my name and profile picture. Was that an incoscious way of making my profile irrecognazible to careless viewers? 

As I turned off the computer and reopened the closed windows Brave, there were a couple tabs of the asofterworld webcomic. 

I used to say I missed you after just a weekend, like a child learning to talk, who calls every cat a tiger. 

That was not the first one I sent Majo. I thought back to this comic after I shared with her an old dream I had when I was a teenager.

"una vez sí soñé, que mi papá nos avisaba en la mesa, a la cena, que esa noche iba a morir, que en unas horas tenía que salir por esa puerta y no volvería nunca. Y yo me paraba y le rogaba que no se fuera." 

We have had this conversation before. I cannot imagine grieving the death of my parents. Last night I added how I only dream about my dog dying. 

"Me desmorono y me caigo al piso. Se me van las fuerzas de las piernas y no puedo dejar de llorar."  

That is how I thought back to asofterworld. I remembered that old favourite of mine: 

I have this dream where my sister is taking my picture and I keep saying don't go on the plane and she says say cheese.

I have lost count by now of the times that I have desperately sobbed today. 

The first story I posted on instagram was short and precise. 

Lista para irme. Y volví. 

Two hours later, I posted another webcomic:

I meant to suicide but the warm water was your voice and I touched myself instead. 

Finally, two hours later, I posted the third and last one. This was reserved to the only selected two dozen of people whom I did not mind knowing about my diagnosis. 

How aware was it of the underlying intention of having evidence that Clara is still aware of my existence? Was I unconsciouly recreating the circumstances last week that could have led her to reach back?

Majo seemed to think so. I had left my apartment before the sun rose. I was one of the first people to arrive to the BIC. I texted her much earlier than when we usually talk. I bluffed saying that I was considering blocking her. She called it, as anyone who has gotten to know my by now would. 

I worked by myself in calm silence for a couple of hours before Neda arrived startling me. On the open instagram website I have in another window I just checked that she had not seen my story a coupld of hours old by then. She was not aware that I had not slept at all. 

Alda reached out. She did see it—she was the only one who reacted to it. 

No, that is not true. Misael reached out, too. He sent me a link to a song that he was reminded of as he read it. 

Alda asked me if I wanted to do something. I met with her after my meeting with Louis. I think how the chaos was starting to unsettle inside of me as I walked to Eaton. But as I write this now, I can picture it as well on my morning walk to the metro. 

At this exact moment, the clock marks my 36h of being awake. I will go to bed.

I will not take tonight's pill.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 14th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-14
Num Words: 812
Num Minutes: 86

"Desperté con ganas del sabor del café de baristello  "Pero casi lo tenía en la boca" 

"por favor no me vuelvas a escribir/decir de venir"   I do not think I have ever felt like this before. I have felt high with euphoria and full of energy; intoxicated by sexual desire and blinded by irrational impulsivity, driven only by whatever is it that I crave at the moment. I have felt weighted down by voidness and dread, drained almost entirely of any motivation, energy, or will. This, whatever this is that has been happening these last weeks is something else entirely. I am overwhelmed by emotion, by a energy that pushes me from within but drives me nowhere. Aimless impulses and chaos. Sleepless nights where I draft messages that I do not want to send, where I think back of half-remembered memories whose nostalgia is no longer just bitter but poisonous. I get out of my barely used bed, leave my apartment without turning off the lights to an even darker outside. The walk towards the metro is lonesome, there is nobody to see the mixture of emotions that contort my face into a painful frown. Every step over the damp sidewalks framed by the melting ice, feels intentful and strong. Am I going somewhere or going aware from something?

Why have these days I felt this strange need to be outside my house—my space and my own thoughts? Why do I keep coming out to places like this one, noisy cafés or full libraries where there are people around me—but not with me?

I told Miriam that being vegetarian had not come with any particular difficulties. Not only had I not felt the need for meat, but I seemed to lack any desire or craving for it. Is it just meat that I do not seem to want? That day we met my only meal for the full day was the bread cone dessert filled with peanut butter. Yesterday, while it was one of the only handful of times that I have prepared lunch to take with me to the office, that pita sandwich was only one of two barely meals for the full day.

Last night I felt the full weight of my lack of sleep. I let myself fall down exhausted physically and emotionally into my undersized black couch, my legs throbbing in pain and my lungs felt full of sand rather than air; every breath hard, sharp and corrosive. Were the overdsaturated thoughts or the deafining emotions that dragged me to unrestrained sobbing. 

Just last hour, as I started writing on the first portion of this entry, I cared little about the stream of tears that dampened my cheeks as I am sitting here in the middle of anonymous strangers. I think back to when I was little, every other person seemed bigger, intimidating. When I first transitioned, everyone around me felt foreign by their normativity, their lack of need of transgress anything, which resulted in a dissimilar but parallel intimidation. When was it that I have outgrown both of these abstract borders between me and others? 

Most of the changes I have been experiencing these past few weeks related to my hormones, other than the objective undeniable ones, must be psychosomatic. The familiar yet old soreness and sensibility on my breasts, the thinner and barely parceptible fairer skin on my skin, these uncontrollable and disorienting mood swings. 

I sent to Majo a screenshot of an article I found online titled Clinical characteristics of women with reproductive cycle–associated bipolar disorder symptoms.  

"Sounds like me once a month"

"creo que he llorado mas esta semana que los ultimos 5 años" 

"Yeap  "Ahora todo eso con bipolar disorder"Ya sin bipolar es difícil" 

This morning, after I got out of bed finally around noon and interrupted my breakfast cooking for a quick errand for coffee when I realized that I had only 7.5g of left, I asked her if she could text me whenever I could join her at the RI. At first she replied affirmatively, almost absentmindedly. I cannot remember if I had already showered. If it was after I had brewed my coffee, then I must have changed since I had gone outside to the real world. She reached back and told me how Shubbendrah had invited her to an indian religious thing in the afternoon. I feared she was going to cancel on our meeting this evening. Last night, when I thought about it, I considered the idea of asking her to hug me, and fantasized how would it be to let myself cry out in the company of a friend rather than hugged only by the dimmed two-out-of-three led lamps in my empty apartment. She continued saying that she felt tired due to PMSing. I finally dared to ask her if she wanted to postpone. She said no.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March 15th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-15
Num Words: 847
Num Minutes: 33

"ayer soñé que mi perra hablaba, se veía más vieja y caminaba muy lento, venía conmigo y se acostaba en el piso, la abrazaba y me decía, 'es hora. tienes que dejarme ir.'  "y empezaba a llorar y le decía que no, hasta que empezaba a gritar."   This might be one of the hardest times to write these daily words. Not because anything has happened, but because of the struggle that it was to be able to gather the energy necessary to push me up and come sit down.

Why do I keep crying? Where did I keep all of these tears inside my body? How have my eyes not dried up by now—how come I have not yet dehydrated?

Two nights ago I opened up Hinge and there was a newborn match in there. The picture I had chosen to like her profile was of her squatting on the floor of her bedroom, wearing different unmatching pieces of clothing. In her bio details, it said she was a writer. I made a comment about being up so late during a school night and asked it that was a writer's schedule.

She replied back in a couple of minutes, continuing the conversation. I shared how I had not slept for around 36h, and was having trouble getting back to sleep. We talked a little about sleep depravation and writing. My last message was asking about her writing.

The next day, at around 14h, when I opened up the application, her profile was gone.

Yesterday, in the afternoon, Majo asked me if I wanted to meet her in the RI after all. She had come back from Shu's religious event due to pending unfinished report she had to send. I took the rest of the orange line and sat in her office continuing reading the pink book.

We did not have dinner in the hospital this time. We went to buy cookies from the place that I liked. We got two hot and chewy lemon kisses straight out of the oven. The plan then was to go get falafel and coffee af café olympico. By the time we got off the metro and were walking towards Falafel Yoni, I proposed instead to take the 55 bus and have our coffee at Ouis mais non. 

When we passed by the entrance of the café, Majo proposed instead to skip it altogether and just come watch the movie. We passed by the depanneur, but they did not have thai teas. I bought two cans of spiked lemonaded and iced tea. I was nervous that she would dislike this sequel fond to me, just as she hated the first one. I was curious, how much it would hit me this time that I have been crying much much easily. 

After the film ended, we continued watching music videos on YouTube until around the time she had to leave to take the last metro of the green line to get home. 

I took my pill last night. After midnight I chose and edited some photographs from two of the latest rolls of film I developed. I asked chatgpt to ranked them and help me choose the one that I could post online. There were two similar shots, black and white, from statues by the shore of the beach in my hometown. Those were it favourites. 

This morning I woke up warm, soaked in the moistness and stench of my sweat. I had no energy to get off from under the covers. 

Yuval texted me, apologizing for the text of yesterday that was actually not adressed at me at all. He asked me if I would be home either today or tomorrow. I pushed it to tomorrow depsite my staying in all day.

Eventually I did shower and even washed my two sets of sheets. 

I had cooked food from yesterday's breakfast. I ordered pizza, not vegetarian. I had a slice and  a half. By the last bites, the taste of the meat disgusted me a little. 

Around noon I posted a story with a small sondage, asking people to choose their pick from the two B&W shots. I was surprised by some people actually answering, including Max, from South Africa, Monica Garza, and Clara. 

I posted a coloured photo from Xochimilco of a vendor holding up a blanket with an axolotl. Not many people noticed or acknowledged it. 

Clara herself posted two stories, one public and another restricted. She was shooting somewhere in Ontario, surrounded by dogs. I remembered her mentioning travelling somewhere for a shot of her brother's friend or boss. Later she posted a set of scans from the half-frame camera she found in her attic back in France. I click the like button on both her second story and the post, as if I were signing my name in a visitor's log book. 

I am not sure if it was before or after that—probably after, but yet again I cannot recall how much after, I went to our conversation and deleted the message in French recommending her the book.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 16th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-16
Num Words: 799
Num Minutes: 42

 Can you come over? I want to hurt myself.   What is going on? Why am I hurting this much?

I remained in bed well past noon. My phone was always at reach in case I received a call or a text message. I drafted a text asking Yuval to let me know a couple of minutes before his arrival in order to be ready to receive him. I wrote somewhere in there that I was not feeling well and I remained in bed. That first message was never sent. Later he did text that he would be coming soon; he asked if I would be available to receive him. I lied saying I was feeling a little sick and would remained in pjs, but I would stay home all day. He was kind enough to give me a head start by anouncing his ETA of 15 minutes.

He knocked on my door. He came inside, just like Didier had done last year. He did not made en effort, even subtly, to look around at the state of the place. He gave me the notice to sign where it informs me that the rent will go up 55 CAD. It's a reasonable rent increase that makes my decision to leave or stay even harder.

I went back to bed. It is impossible to know how many of those hours did I pass asleep and how many I spent crying.

That is not entirely true. I heated another slice of pizza and half of the fries that were left. Again, I felt disgusted by the taste of the meat. I might throw away the last cold slice. I tried watching an episode of White Lotus. I gave up around the second third.

I watched Clara's stories from last night doing the shooting at the pet place. I took a screencapture of the second one on which she pets the dog and then pans the camera towards her and you see her twitching her face in a contorted smile. I thought I was the only one who had the habit of smiling downwards.

Sonny is waiting for me. Yesterday we were looking into the flights for her to come. The most viable option is for her to fly the night of the Tamino concert. She proposed staying until the end of May. I froze by the idea of it. Every single time she has come and stayed with me, I have wished her stay were longer. Every single day of her departure, when it finally arrives, I wish to push it away further. Why now did I hesitated about it?

I told Majo about it yesterday. I said I had no idea about what it was, and then shortly after I corrected myself. I did know, I was just aware of how stupid the idea was.

"que con sonny aquí, no vería a clara, más que eso, no podría venir aquí" 

María laughed at the idea. I asked her not to, and then confessed that it was something that hurt me.

"Wey es que no tiene sentido  "O sea, si Clara regresa, se pueden ver en otro lado  Aunque ya sabes que yo pienso que no va a regresar" 

Last night we did not buy the tickets. I went to bed, and then at night Sonny did. She asked me if today we could do it. I half-remember her saying something about late afternoon or evening. It might have been around when I was eating, before I returned to hide under the sheets.

Around 21h, I put on a pair of pants and a hoodie. I slipped my feet on my boots and headed outside to the depanneur. I wanted to get something to drink. I thought about a can of thai tea, but was well aware that I would end up looking for something with alcohol. Fortunately I had forgotten all about the bottle of champagne that is in my fridge.

I ended up getting a bottle of ginger beer and a can of extra strong beer. I opened up the latter. It tastes like shit, but I kept drinking it.

I deleted all of the unseen messages in both Clara's and Paty's conversations. I have no idea whether they would notice or not. There is a slight worry that the former will see this gesture as a way of signaling I want nothing to do with her anymore. Ironically, I thought about reaching out to the latter to both inform her I was back on instagram, and that the silence from her was hurtful.

I did not do it. I probably won't.

There is an unwrapped razor blade next to my half-drunk can of holland extra beer.

Maybe, maybe I should ask Majo to come. I know she would. Maybe.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 18th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-18
Num Words: 1743
Num Minutes: 25

 Last time I heard from her she said: Hey, miss you too. Rather than questioning its truth, I noticed the two blank spaces. Were they just an extra touch born of impatience? Or evidence of a removed pet name perhaps deemed too intimate? Maybe it was the mark left after returning to intentionally drop the “I”—a quiet self-extraction, a protection in impersonality. In any case, a subtle deletion hinting at a part of us erased.  In that small pause, I imagined all the things left unsaid—the overthinking that stifled a confession, the quiet guilt of not daring to be fully honest.   Those were two spaces, but they were not empty; they echoed with the possibility of something more, a vulnerability that lingered in what was not said.   I have not felt well these past few weeks. Today, I feel sick.

Most of my weekend I spent it in bed. Yesterday, I kept waking up and looking to the phone, refreshing the inbox of my work email, parsing through the unread messages and the work-related electronic leaflets and brochures that slip through outlook's junk filter. I searched Louis' or Daniel's name. Eventually, some time before noon, I found what I was looking for, a reminder that there was no lab meeting this week. I turned down my phone next to my bed, and went back to hide from reality.

I do not know at what time I got out of bed. I do not remember if I did any work at all—my best guess is that I did not. I am sitting down on the black couch with the lights dimmed, I just tried to put down the latest events into my agenda. I wished I could have gone back to read yesterday's entry to remind myself of what happened yesterday. Majo should arrive any minute now.

I cooked, maybe. I definitely reheated and had the last slice of pizza, and confirmed for a third time, the off-putting new foul flavour of meat. I cried, for sure. But how many times this day?

Should I write down that I am crying right now as I am finishing this paragraph? Do I want to remember this?

I edited more pictures and wanted to post something on instagram. I craved that artificial sense of companionship, of not-loneliness, that comes from saying something and pretend that people see it and pay attention to it.

Yesterday, since when I confirmed I could self-extract myself out the day as I read Louis—or perhaps Daniel's—email, I was aware that it was going to be an uneventful day. The main events were going to be today, my session with Fabiola, and tomorrow, the one with Dr. Franck.

I think it was Majo who related what has been happening—within me, outside nothing at all has happened—with Clara to obsession. Has it crossed that line by now? It is compulsive how I review the people who have seen my story looking for her name. It is compulsive how I have imprinted in my work-memory the finger movements I need to open her profile and check if I remain in the list of exclusive people allowed to see her reserved images.

I thought about posting about her last message. Aggresively forcing her out of her silence, by calling her out publicly, like I would have done three years ago with Kate. Unlike that time, I felt disgusted by my own impulse and saved the image to my own private library. Instead, I first posted asofterworld comic.

I hate putting my desire into words when my body knows exactly what to say. Come home. 

That was not enough. The second one was the second or third picture in one of the negatives she has. It is the picture I took of a rainbow parasol covering the sunset in Zona Rosa as I was searching for Paty, mere moments before finding her by the opposite corner of the street. At the bottom of the photograph, in Spanish and as a footnote, I added: la última vez que nos habíamos visto, nos tomamos de las manos, nos miramos fijo a los ojos, y no me atreví a besarla. 

I went to bed and neither Clara nor Paty had seen them. I ignore which of them was whom I intended more consciously to see and notice it. Both of them appear now in the list of expectators about to disappear by tomorrow. I have forgotten by around what time they appear or who was first. After I saw them, the world continued being exactly the same.  "Hasta yo me siento frustrada; no tengo el número de ninguna de tus amigas, excepto el de Sonny. ¿Está bien si contacto a Sonny?" 

Therapists are obligated to keep clinical confidentiality of their patients, unless a specific handful of exceptions regarding legality, abuse, or risk of harm. I guess today I reached that point.

Like the weekend before it, I spent most of Monday in bed. Despite this, I could not wake up with plenty of time in the morning before my session with Fabiola. The last of the alarms I postponed was for 11h. I remained in bed around 15 minutes afterwards before I finally got up and grabbed a tshirt and pair of underwear to change after the shower.

I had not showered since Friday. The smell of my sheets is probably foul despite me not being able to notice. I do not know if Majo will want to sleep with me on the same bed. I should remember to offer to change the sheets. Last thing I heard of her was almost two hours ago when she told me she would go to hers before coming here.

"esta bien  "no me voy dormir" 

I managed to put shampoo on my hair, maybe even start with the conditioner, when I was ambushed by that familiar sense of malaise that I have learned to be weary of in the shower. It has been so many years since the last time I was visited by it, that I got cocky and let my guard down. I rested for a while on the wall before continuing to rinse my hair under the warm water. Then I felt it coming as I had the soap in my hand. I have a vague memory of being half-aware of my own body, as if I were to see it from above, witnessing myself as the victim. I was on the floor, under the water still, jerking my arm and my leg. As I was half-aware of my body, I was also half-aware of my glitching mind, caught itself in an unresponsive loop.

When I came back to myself, I could still perceive the rancid aroma from my unwashed body. I did as best as I could, to push through my affected state to lather and rinse myself. This time I was astute enough to pull down the level to make the water ice cold and try to shock myself into full consciousness.

There was no towel hung on the door. I have not showered since the weekend that I did laundry. Soaking wet and naked, I stepped outside to my room to grab it from the hamper that still holds my very dried clothes. I went back to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet, half-wrapped in the towel and still dripping. I stayed there, trying to control my breathing, until my body returned to a more familiar state of normalcy.

I managed to get out the bathroom with just enough time to brew a cup of coffee and sit down to welcome Fabiola punctually to our session.

When she started our session by asking me how have I been doing, how could I have done anything other than laugh as I answered her?

I texted Majo if everything was alright. She said she was on her way. 

I told Fabiola that everything is bad. I have cried more this past week than the last 4 years together. I told her of the second time in March that I have not slept a single hour the whole night. How this time there was no compensating euphoria, just an exaggeration of feelings and reactions. How this time it did not come after a missed dose; I did everything right, everything that I must do. I told her how I spent most of the weekend and the day before in bed, and even how I was tempted to text Majo, that I kept thinking of hurting myself. I had told her before, as I was walking back from meeting with Alda the afternoon I did not slept, I had these repetitive intrusive thoughts of filling a syringe with saline and inject myself over and over. Sunday these had evolved, now I wanted to release the pressure of this whistling bottle of emotions that I have in my chest by small and deep enough cuts between the fading scars on my upper thighs. I unwrapped the razorblade but left it unused. I decided not to wrap it again or throw it away. I wanted to keep it there, not in case I wanted to use it, but as a reminder of how low I am falling. When I got to my room, first I hesitated of taking the pill. Then, I thought about taking two, or three, or four or five. I took just the one and I went to sleep. 

Fabiola reached out to Sonny, as she asked. 

I had talked with Majo before my session when I told her I had passed out and this time I started thinking maybe it were convulsions rather than syncopes. An hour after the session I told her how my therapist had asked me to reach out to Sonny. She told me Sonny had asked her to be with me with my appointment tomorrow morning. Then she confirmed the time. Finally, she asked me if she could sleep at my house tonight. 

The motivation that Fabiola shared with me was to have someone by my side when I see a doctor, like when I talk tomorrow with the psychiatrist. She made it sound as having someone on my side as support. It strangely feels as having someone make sure that I do not miss a single bit of what has happened. 

The texts from my mum and dad make me think that Sonny did not reach out just to Majo. 



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 20th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-20
Num Words: 1640
Num Minutes: 32

"Hello, Sofía. How have you been?"

"Not good, actually. I actually have a lot to talk about."  María came to my house two nights ago and, since then, she has not left my side. 

In the morning she was the first to wake up and get out of bed. She showered first, I think. I must have gotten up to show her how to aim the shower head to the wall in order to not inundate my tiny bathroom. I do not remember doing that. 

Dr Franck was as punctual as ever. I felt a sudden rush of adrenaline when the iPad on the other end of the living room started beeping mere instants before the small notification on the bottom right corner of my computer screen bleeped with the Dr's face. Even after I answered the call, the iPad continued ringing, I had to raise my finger to the waiting psychiatrist to head over there and shut it off. I did not relax afterwards, and thus was pretty nervous when I looked at the small legal pad where I had noted down the important things that have happened and I ought to go over. I started my speech and explained to him, in as much detail as I could, how I have not been well at all since the beginning of the year. 

He listened, at least more than I was expecting him to. He raised my dose, as I had thought; he added a slow dose of clonazepam to my prescription to aid with my sleeping, like I knew he might; he paused and proposed me to write the paperwork for me to take a leave of absence from the program, for at least a couple of months.  

"I... I really do not want to do that," I objected. I talked about the thesis seminar as my mind wandered further into the graduation, the postdoc, the immigration process. 

"Well, of course you would not want to. I still believe this is the best option moving forward."

I imagined taking his advice. Buying a plane ticket and going to my parents house, habitating that room that is no longer mine, surrounded by stuff that do not recognize me anymore, covering myself from the cold in apathetic sheets that have no memory of my smell. I would be warmly embraced by my family, and enthusiastically welcomed by my dog. 

What else is there in that city that halfly remembers my name? Who else would be there to notice my return? 

He sent out the new prescription and scheduled a follow-up meeting next Wednesday at noon. I no longer can remember what else we did for the rest of the morning. I must have showered and I think I brewed coffee and prepared breakfast for the both of us.

Early I received the call from the pharmacy notifying me of them receiving these updated medications. Majo proposed we would wait until they were ready to go and pick them up. She asked me to call them back. I told her how I am signed up to this service where I receive an sms informing me when they're ready to pick up. I proposed to head out and in the evening I could come back to pick them up and get some change of clothes. I must have, earlier, offered to sleep with her at her place rather than mine. 

We were on some station before Berri-UQAM when I got the text. We decided to head back right then and push up that late part of my itinerary. 

It is hard to remember what happened the rest of the day. I brought my laptop—the X1 and not the X22 that Vlad gave me—to work on the poster and slides which had to be uploaded before midnight tonight in Vienna. Why can I not remember what or where did I work? 

I remember being here when Houssain, Majo's labmate, came and I finally met him. María moved some stuff around and I sat down on the leftmost desk by the door. Some time in the evening, we said good-bye and left him here working. 

I can recall us walking around in Verdun. We where somewhere else, though, because I can also remember this sense of urgency about making it to the pharmacy before the closing hours. 

When I went to my Jean Coutu, before heading to the counter to ask for my new meds, I sat down at the machine and took my blood pressure. It was high. Not critically or urgently abnormal, but the ticket still labeled it as high. All of the day before I had felt sickly, and that malaise had not yet subsided entirely. 

After saying good-bye to Houssain, we went to Thomson for an HBHL event that Majo had to attend. I managed to register in time. They would give out food. Nathan Sprang, the PI of Emily, Majo's argumentative friend whom I met again recently on some table upstairs from that event was the keynote speaker. Before I had told to Majo how I pettily abhorred anything related to HBHL. I had applied a couple of times to their funding and been repetetively rejected. Almost all of the people I know are fellows from their, albeit humble, grants. I sat there and listened to people talk about their undersample and purposeless projects. I felt irritated by hearing about using multivariate, aimless, voxelwise analyses trying to find the correlated regions in the brains to grit, the personsality trait related to perseverance and goal-related passion. I felt annoyed when I saw the plots of a postdoc, presented spurious interaction results that would definitely not survive correction for the multiple regressions in a sample of fewer than 50 people. All of these people's projects were deemed more usable than mine; they were deemed more fundable than me. 

By the end we walked outside towards where the food was. They announced there were wraps with chicken on the left and vegetarian ones on the right. The rest of the stuff was also vegetarian. There were spring rolls, spanakopitas, and the same old tray of desserts. 

Earlier there, Shub was the first to join us. Then Jana came and was excited to see us. By the time of the dinner, there was also a brazilian girl whom I had never met and whose name was never given to me. I felt apathethic to the advice-flavoured conversation related to her candidacy exam and her first committee meeting. 

Some of the organizers of the event or maybe someone from the staff, finally interrupted the conversation to let us know they would be closing down the lower floor of the club house. We took that as a sign to leave. 

All of us headed to the nearest metro. Jana was surprised when I did not go her way towards the orange line and instead headed with the rest to the group towards Angrignon. She made no questions about it nor referred to the second black duffel bag that I was carrying with me. 

We did make it to Pharmaprix before it closed. I took my blood pressure a second time. The values were now in the normal range. This small relief did not bring me the calm that I was hoping it would. As a second stop before Majo's, we went to IGA. Most of the racks were almost empty. There were signs informing of closing's savings. The store would be dying by the end of the week. Majo grieved the soon absence of her close supermarket for the rest of the walk to her house. 

I tried to work some more before sleeping, but did not advance much. I took my new meds expecting to fall asleep much faster and easier. Instead, I was frustrated and disappointed. I did end up sleeping some time after midnight and, like expected, had much more trouble than usual to wake up and start the day. 

There was an email from Louis congratulating everyone for the Persian New Year's and notifying us that he would be working from home and thus all of the day's meetings would be online. I have been nervous all day not knowing what to expect in ours. How would I start the subject? What would be his reaction? 

Majo, as a host this morning, was the one who brewed the coffee and prepared breakfast. I had no purpose of going to The Neuro anymore. Aliza had proposed to meet at Thomson today, since she would be going to the Wellness Hub. I had still a lot to do before being ready to upload the poster and the slides and the deadline was threateningly close. I joined Majo to the RI again and ended up rainchecking on Aliza again. 

Louis' talk was as reasurring as it could be. He corrected how the leave of absence in McGill was for a full-term only, but he himself, since he is the one who pays me and not the university, has no problem with me taking one or two months if that is what I need. He offered to talk to Edward or Sylvia, or help me come up with alternative explanations if I do not want to disclose what is really going on. 

"I do not know how it is to hear this, but all this stress about this situation is coming not from the university or me, but from within yourself." 

I closed the meeting telling him I was still unsure and unconvinced. I proposed to take these days to sleep on it and next week touch base again on how to move forward. 

Just as reading my blood pressure was back to normal levels last night, the conclusion of this meeting did not give me the reassurance that anyone would have expected it to. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 21st, 2025
Date: 2025-03-21
Num Words: 878
Num Minutes: 30

"The difference between us is that you cannot separate agency and will from leaving; for you, leaving is an action, planned, intentional; for me, it is just the transition between being present and then absent."You relate more to the person leaving and I to the one who stays."It all is that to you leaving is an action while for me it is just an event."  This is the first time that I by myself since Tuesday's evening. I am not sure how I am managing. A couple of hours ago, as I got into my dark and lone apartment—for some reason, when I left Wednesday, I decided to shut down the lights on my back as I left—I realized I was not ready to be by myself with my own emotions and thoughts.

I placed down the small bag duffel and my backpack on the made up reception table. I took off my boots and my light black jacket. Even in the dimmed lights, although static, the dust bunnies seemed to my eyes to be running around under the tables and desk. I broomed the fake wood floors before emptying my improptu luggage and choosing the clothes that I would wear today.

In just the three hours that I stayed in my apartment, I felt uneasy and impatient to head out and be surrounded by people, nevermined if they were strangers. I exchanged laptops and chargers and headed outside again.

"Which would be worse, buying cigarettes or alcohol?"

"Both, Sofía."

I took Jarry St rather than the inner streets of the neighborhood. I got inside the larger depanneur and looked behind the cashier to see if there were cigarettes on display. There were not and thus I bought nothing.

I did not give up the impulse and passed by the metro entrances another block. I got inside the tabagerie. A group of teenagers were shuffling suspiciously behind one of the counters conveniently out of sight of the apathetic cashier. If he did not care, I had no reason to do myself. I wandered around, probably just as suspicious, looking at the stuff that was inside. Here, as well, there were no on display boxes from which I could get an idea of what flavour of self-destruction I was craving.

"Bonne journée," I told him casually as I left the store empty handed and disappointed.

Last night, leaving María's office, we took the metro. In the group with my parents that I made again, the last message from our latest exchange was my father's. "Y hoy te quedarás con Majo o regresas a tu depa?" 

I did not reply to him because I did not know the answer myself. Earlier I had briefly touched the subject with Sonny, telling her that I did not feel ready to be by myself, but I was also worried of Majo getting sick of my company. 

Fortunately, both the connection to her green line and my station were on the same direction. I pushed the decision until the very last moment. The humanless voice announced the stop at Lionel-groulx and Majo stood up. She looked at me and asked me what I was going to do. I remained silent and seated, holding tightly the black strap of my duffel bag. The doors opened. I do not remember if it was before or after Majo turned towards the exit that I stood resignated and walked behind her. 

We got off at De l'eglise. There were wooden stands with different kinds of food options. It must have been an event either for the season of les cabannes à sucre or the anniversary of Verdun. We went to Majo's place to leave our stuff and returned to explore around.

We found nothing of interest. As the night fell more unto the streets, the vendors started cleaning and closing. Most of the stores and restaurants had closed as well. I started feeling hungry and remembered how Majo does not really have dinner. I wondered about the available options. 

"You know another reason why I could not move to Verdun? There are no A&Ws nearby. Where am I going to get a vegetarian burger at 2-3h?"

Rather than go to Uniburger, the closer albeit more expensive alternative, we went inside an indian restaurant. I got vegetarian biryani and her chana masala. We both closed the night with chai. 

This morning I woke up before Majo and took my iPad to her living room to connect to the useless talk I registered myself about the latest changes of the available tracks to permanent residence in Québéc. 

Majo brewed coffee and prepared breakfast. We continued our debate about the necessary of agency in the act of leaving. I posted two stories this morning on instagram. The first one was the overly casual and funny response from ChatGPT from my question related to another argument we had about tofu being considered cheese or not. The second was a poll about our original argument regarding death being considered an act of leaving. 

Not more than five minutes ago, I grabbed my phone and checked if Clara had by now seen the second story she had not. She did but, unlike the previous poll I did about my two pictures, gave no response. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March 22nd, 2025
Date: 2025-03-22
Num Words: 915
Num Minutes: 32

"your magnet keeps falling off my fridge; feels like a bad omenanyway j'espère que tu vas bien"   It was not even midnight yet when I texted Sonny.

"i should be stronger"by now"idk why i'm so weak"ya estoy mareada "i tried, i really did"i did everything wrong"

She did not see them until this afternoon. By then I had already gotten out of bed and maybe even drunk my coffee. After María asked me to postpone the movie, we did not continue talking. Why did I not reach out to her? Was I scared of pushing her to come over? 

The memories of yesterday are spotty. I finished writing in the library, but working on my projects was too hard. I took my book out from the backpack. I read a couple of chapters, but even that required a lot of effort. The idea of leaving was screaming inside me, every time louder than the one before. 

But I did not want to come home. 

I put my stuff away and headed towards the exit to the metro. I rode the orange line just a couple of stations until Laurier. The idea was to walk to Dieu du ciel!, find a table and get myself a bowl of fries and a glass of their strongest beer. Or two; two would be more than enough. 

I got outside by the exit that was the furthest away from my destination. I did not walk fast, I had no hurry. I approached the bar and noticed a group of people outside, chatting and smoking. Through the windows I noticed the crowd, but it did not register fully until I opened the door and saw the tumultous group standing by the sign that pleaded to wait for someone to seat us. 

I turned on my heels and headed back outside. I walked back through the more familiar Laurier street this time. 

It was around 17h and the last thing I had eaten was the scrambled eggs that Majo had prepared for me before noon. I considered stopping by Chez Claudette. Except it was not hunger the impulse that what was driving me. 

I got inside the humble groseries store a couple of blocks ahead from the restaurant. I wandered around not sure what was it that I was looking for. I wanted something drink, but not necessarily alcoholic—not yet. I chose a carton of chocolate-flavoured almond milk. Then I exchanged it with a less sugary version. By then I had foreseen that I would probably end up drinking the full liter of it. I looked around the ready-to-eat food options. I grabbed a 4.99CAD egg-salad sandwiches. The cheerines of the cashier for some reason filled me with guilt. What would she think were she to know I intended to hurt myself that night? Would she stop smiling? Would she have pleaded me not to? 

I ate the two small meals before I made it to the metro. The ride back home fell short, too short; just like when you are not eager to arrive. 

I got off Jarry and crossed the street towards SAQ. I knew precisely what I want it and where it would be. My movements were surgical and precise. The cashier, young this time, was just as smily and cheerful as the previous one. This time I just faked a smile and tried not to think of it. 

It was hard to control the urge to open the bottle and take a sip of the cinnamony whisky on my way home. I managed not to do it, despite walking without any rush, without any desire to get there. 

I took off almost everything that was heavying my body. My mind remained overloaded. I opened the small orange bottle and took the first sweet sip. It did not help. 

The night continued outside the apartment. I filled one of the tall glasses with ice, a much larger quantity of whisky than I should have, and chocolate milk. I drank from it and welcomed the taste of alcohol. I sat down on the corner of my black couch. I do not know if I put a series that I did not watch, or music videos that I did not listen. 

The Rouen magnet fell off again behind me, making a thunderous announcement. I went to pick it up, but rather than reposition it, I just placed it atop the fridge. 

I texted Clara precisely at 20h. I deleted it permanently from my phone after taking a screencapture that I could go back and read in case I forgot about it. She has not replied, of course. 

Moments later, I went into Paty's conversation and told her that her silence has been hurtful. She has still not openly read it.

I went to sophie's private instagram and clicked on the button for requesting access to it. Instantaneously after, I threw the phone away as if it had became scorching red. This morning, I went into the recent searches and felt a mixture of embarrasment and relief when her name still appeared, meaning she had not blocked me. The first time I did not want to go further and know more. Moments later I did enter and saw the suivre button sent back to its original state by a rejection.

I took my meds last night despite having finished the complete bottle of whisky. This morning I might have been a bit disappointed when I did wake up with no consequences.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 23rd, 2025
Date: 2025-03-23
Num Words: 962
Num Minutes: 251

"That is exactly where she wants you to be—somewhere between remembered and forgotten.

"And you certainly don't want to be another follower in her digital graveyard of almosts and once-weres."  Aliza is supposed to arrive any moment now. If it had been for me I would have cancelled yet another time. She texted me early in the morning a quarter before 10h. Her message was a mixture of confirmation and proposal of ideas. Last night, Majo told me I could ask her to do something low pressure, like just sitting next to each other to watch something on television or each read a book. She must have thought similarly. Somehow I was awake and I responded affirmatively. I told her that I would prefer something in the late afternoon or early evening. By then, I was well aware that neither my body nor my mind were ready to start the day. Not even the craving of freshly brewed coffee was enough to bring me back to life.

María and I watched the third movie of the Before series. I had warned her that it was my least favourite. She insisted, despite not particularly liking the first one, that once started the only thing left was to finish the three of them.

She had now a spare key to let herself in my apartment. Still, there was a text in my phone letting me know she was outside. I took off my red and black blanket and headed towards the door. As I opened it I saw her waiting for me in the lobby. Then, one of my neighbors upstairs entered my field of view as she marched down the stairs. Suddenly, I was aware I was not wearing any pants. I closed the door in front of me heading to the pile of clothes laying down the floor of my bedroom. I grabbed and put on a pair of shorts to go welcome María.

I showed her how to work the lock. The particular dance necessary with the key to convince the door to let you in. A secret handshake that has become second nature for myself.

Aliza just texted me that she is at Jarry and will be joining me soon. Am I intending to finish these before her arrival in around 10 minutes? She offered that we could just sit down and do nothing, talk about nothing. Why does writing my thoughts and feelings next to her feels different than telling them to her outloud?

Both María and I kept looking at our phones as 40-year-olds Julie and Ethan were arguing in Greece. I do not know if she wanted to leave. The thought about her feeling sick of my company after all this time together was hard to dismiss. All morning I felt hesitant to ask her if she still wanted to do the movie plans she had postponed the day before due to her period—or was it her headache?

The last three times she has come to watch a movie, she has stayed until the very last moment that would allow her to take the last metro back home. At 10h30, she shared outloud that she had planned to leave at precisely that time, but she would leave at 11h.

The last time I stood up from the couch to go to the toilette, I discreetly went to my desktop and grabbed the unwrapped razorblade from the night before. I took it with me to the restroom. After I peed and washed my hands, I put it inside the opened packet and then put that into the larger box that still holds around 45 more. I joined Majo and softly asked her to take them with her. I do not remember if she made any comment other than nod and put the potentially dangerous box into her bag.

By midnight I was again alone with my own company, surrounded by quiet but overbearing thoughts and hollow and elusive emotions.

Aliza just arrived.

I’ve written before about compulsively opening instagram and going into Clara’s profile to see whether I was still allowed to see her close-friend’s restricted stories. This time I opened up the conversations window and scrolled down looking for the orange-tinted picture. In its place there was grey silhouette next to her name. Something dropped inside my chest. I put my finger on it to open the almost 24h old story I had seen of her and whom I assumed was a workmate posing with vegetarian hot-dogs. In its place there was a cold robotic sentence informing me the story was no longer available. I went further in and opened her profile. It was as if I had entered a recently evacuated house: no furniture, no decorations, almost no signs of everyone ever living there except subtle remnants that snitched a recent evacuation.

“No,” I softly exclaimed to the night, begging as if there were anything that could be done.

After weeks, months, of doubt and uncertain grieving I had my answer. She had blocked me. She had read my text, my once again attempt to reach out to her, reminding her of myself, of us, and what she was doing to me in not acknowledging it. And she had decided to finally, directly and effectively, shut me out of her life. She closed the door in my face.

In the mixture of emotions that I was experiencing, I recognized the pain, but I could not find the closure or relief that I was expecting from having a response.

For 15 minutes I searched for them, until I realized that it was not just me who was kept out, but rather the whole world. She had deactivated her account.

20 minutes ago, I did the same thing.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, March 24th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-24
Num Words: 1043
Num Minutes: 30

"hi Sofia, How goes? do you need anything from me?-Louis"

  I had to pause the writing and lie down on the floor. My left breast screamed in pain, probably for the recently appropriate dose of estrogen that I have been lacking through neglectful care. I was blind and uncommunicated. No way for reaching out. I could not see a couple inches away from my nose. Two times, for two different reasons, I threw away first my glasses and then my phone. I did not care about the idea of any of them breaking. Any of those would have caused significant issues in my life.

I got both back. It was just a temper-tantrum of an immaturely emotional state of being. 

I can see now. I can reach out and answer back to all the messages that I purposefully ignored. Clara has ignored me for around a month now, why couldn't I just take one day off from the people that care of me as much as I cared for her? 

I do not even remember if I tried or not to set up an alarm to get up and go to the Neuro meeting this afternoon. I cannot remember how hard it was to fall asleep. I have all of my pills for the next couple of days spread out on my night table. My bedroom is tinted of chaos. My dirty clothes spread out on the floor echoing my psychiatric meds. 

I made no effort to get in. There was an email—which I saw—that notified of the lab meeting to talk about Neda and someone else's projects advances. I decided to remain in bed. As if I could pause life from moving on. 

Although it would be easy to check, I do not know at what time Louis reached out specifically to me, asking me how he could aid me. This meeting would be the second thing that I have missed. In three years since I have been diagnosed, I have managed to keep my personal afflictions separate from my work responsabilities. I do not know what is it about this time that it is so much more difficult. 

I have been fine. For decades I dealt with numerous issues without anyone noticing. I was best of everything, I successed on anything that I put my hands on despite the hell that I had to overcome. Why is it so much different this time? 

This is not the first stranger woman that I have developed unwarranted feelings for. Why am I now on such a notably clinically nosedive into a crisis? 

I could check, but I do not want to. I will just resignate to say that I do not know at what time I replied to Lous email, confessionally sharing that these past few days have been rough. I acknowledged that I would reach out to him to talk about, whatever it is that is going on right now after I meet with my psychiatrist in a couple of days. He did not answert, but there was nothing left for him to say. 

In this early afternoon, everyone has reached out. I have purposefully ignored the group chats. I dismissed the messages from Sonny and Majo separately. The first one casually asked how I was doing, and then followed up herself by sharing that Aliza, whom I saw yesterday at the café, had mentioned she had seen me alright. The former one tried again calling me several times. I assumed it was their last try before reaching out to the rest of the network, triggering the contingency plan of Aliza or Majo coming over to see I have not tried to kill myself.

Would I? Be capable of putting an end to this? I think my fear of ceasing to exist and think is uncountably larger than my will to end things. 

I did not get out of bed before 14h. I had no will nor purpose to get up. I thought about coming to my desk and continuing working. There is the deadline to return the book that I have not finished to the library, together with the fees of a late return. No matter the cost, it was not enought to make me pick up the book and continuing reading. 

I knew I had still half of a tupperware left of rice and beans I could mix with one or two eggs and fried plant-based sausages. But I felt no hunger. I felt no craving to fulfill my body for its own survival needs. 

As the number of conversations that I kept ignoring rose, I decided to get up and put on pants. I headed out of my dimmed apartment and headed first to the SAQ where I bought a bottle of alcohol and then to la fruiterie where I got some of the ingredients needed to make another vegetarian dish that would be enought for me to feed on for another week. 

There was an offer on DoorDash to get myself a significant discount on a falafel pita with fries. It was hard to justify the extra spending after buying the groceries. In the end, rather than ordering comfort takeout or gathering the will to cook a new plate or even just reheating the food that is already ready and will probably spoil soon, I just filled, more than warranted , a glass of vodka and chocolate soy milk. I threw away first my glasses and then my phone. I am not sure, but it feels right, that I refilled half- blind my tall glass with the second third of vodka that I bought with the iced lemon tea that María brought a couple of days ago. It is not finished yet. I do not think it will be the last one. 

I look inside myself, but I cannot find any will to reach out asking for help. I know I will survive the night. Even if I dare to take both quetiapine and clonazepam doses for the next two nights, I know they won't be lethal. I do not want anyone to come check up on me. I will survive. Sometimes, I feel like it is necessary for me to feel all of this pain by myself. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, March 25th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-25
Num Words: 884
Num Minutes: 41

"No; what did I do? Fuck. FUCK!"  The number of unopened messages in my phone keeps rising. Why am I doing this? My mum, Fabiola, Alda, Sonny. Reza. Myriam.

I was going to write unread, but that is not entirely true. I have read the messages. I know what most of them say, their intention, their purpose. What is it that is driving me to do to the people that love and care of me precisely what has been done to me and hurt me.

What else is there to narrate about last night? It is in there how I decided, again, to over-drink. Did I tell anyone this time? Could it be counted as a not-so-subtle cry for help? 

I definitely did not tell anyone—did I even write it?—how I went into my shower and took off the—forgotten or purposely ignored?—razorblade inside my pink double-edge safety shaving razor. I brought it with me to the desk. I even grab a small antiseptic alcohol wipe and gentle glided it, almost as a caress, over the differently-faded scars of other times I have hit rock bottom. 

I did not cut myself. I did not finish the bottle. I half-remember getting outside my bedroom in the morning and noticing still some watered-down makeshift spiked chocolate milk. No, the second time I filled my glass I used lemon iced-tea. Did I throw it away on the kitchen sink? Did I drink it before brewing my coffee? Is my mind making all this up? 

After midnight I decided to order two vegetarian burgers. I received them after 1h. I ate both of them as I did not pay attention to the first episode of Severance. I cannot remember if I was still drinking by then. I cannot remember either how much before I took my pills—the correct dose.

Just like Friday, there were no significant consequences of my impulsive self-destructive behaviour. I did not puke; I had no hangover whatsoever; no pains nor black-outs—just this hollow felling of shame and regret, the realization that I am validating the reasoning behind the creation of a  secret group-chat behind my back titled Now what? born to exchange notes about my mental (not-) well-being. 

I had an alarm set at 10h30. I set it with the intention of showering before my session with Fabiola at noon. Like many other weeks before, I cancelled it and pushed it until the very last minute. I got out of bed 15 minutes before our appointment. I did not even wet nor tamed my curls. I put on an oversized red long-sleeved t-shirt over the black tank-top I slept in. I used the little time I had to brew myself coffee for the first time in almost a full week. 

I told Fabiola how right after our last session I was not left on my own for half of the week. I narrated to her the moment in the metro after María had asked me what I wanted to do and I could not dare answer; how I remained seated, paralyzed, both mentally and physically, until the very last moment before the doors closed behind me and I rejoined María for the last time I would be spending at her house. 

I hesitated but ended up telling her both about the night of drinking before, and the one that shortly preceded it the very first night that I was left alone on my own devices. Why did I not talk about my difficulty with asking for help? With receiving it. 

There is something unnamed in me that keeps me from opening the conversation with Majo and look up the message I half-remember on which I confess to her how I am afraid that she is going to leave me too. 

I remember months ago, walking on one of the many streets framed by Montreal's characteristic duplex buildings, how she told me she feels pressured when she is over-aware the moment she realizes she has become indispensable; when she feels weighed down by the chains that trap her in an unescapable relationship. Perhaps it is that thought that kept me from asking her to stay, to not go, the Saturday she came to watch the last movie. 

I do not remember if it was yesterday or some other time during the weekend when I reached out to Myriam, asking her if she was back from Chicago. I had forgotten all about until this morning right before I was about to shower and my phone vibrated with her reaching back. Did Clara feel something like this when she last replied to my i miss you plead, and I continued the conversation? Was this same sense of dread and regret of pushing forward a relationship that we are well aware will not lead to anywhere. Am I potentially playing with Myriam's attention just as Clara did with mine? 

A couple of hours ago Reza reached out. My absence is being noted by the rest of the lab besides Louis. We missed you here, is everything alright? Neda and Mohammedreza perhaps noted how I had deactivated instagram, once again yet this time unannounced. Have they shared notes parallelly to the Now what? group baptized by Aliza? 

Did you get better? , his message ends. 

Or am I getting worse?

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, March 27th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-27
Num Words: 1606
Num Minutes: 22

"You know how in the movies or television in psychiatric hospitals they always show their patients all calmed down and drowsy from their meds, like just sitting around colouring and drooling. Yeah, it's for a reason."  Yesterday I had my appointment with Dr Franck. It was not early, like usual. I had plenty of time to remain in bed. I cannot remember if I did. I have the memory of cooking breakfast. I think it was of today instead, I cut some tomatoes and red onion with some jalapeño. I had only one tortilla left. What happened then the first half of yesterday?

The psychiatrist was as punctual as always. I was sitting down on my computer—working? What else would I have been doing? This meeting did not have to be as long and thorough as the previous one with María by my side. I was just honest. I have not been feeling better; but I was not being worse either. That was not enough for him. The clonazepam was not really working, it did not help me falling asleep and just made it harder to get up in the morning. With that extra bit of data, he had heard enough for a clinical conclusion. He increased yet again the seroquel to 400mg. I am now taking double what I was by the beginning of the month. He concluded outloud, perhaps only to himself, how clonazepam is not that effective for sleeping. He asked me about Dayvigo. I recognized the medication but I honestly could not remember how effective it was. He prescribed me something different. I have read the name multiple times but not cared enough for recalling it.

The rest of the day was uneventful.

Was that why I decided not to write?

I did not wait for the pharmacist to call me. In the early afternoon I dialed up and, for some reason, pressed the number for services in French. I followed up the instructions to reach the counter of the pharmacist. I asked about my doctor having sent a prescription. The woman on the other end asked me for my date of birth. After I mixed up and mentioned the month first like in English, she corrected herself and asked for my phone number. When I gave him the correct information, she told me she had not received anything from my doctor. She asked me something that I quite not understood. I apologized and confessed my insufficient mastery of the language. She apologized and corrected herself again saying they indeed had received the new prescription. She confirmed with me that I wanted them to prepare it for me and asked me if passing in three hours would work for me. I answered affirmatively and we ended the call.

I did not shower and just grabbed a blue long-sleeved t-shirt and brown pair of pants from the pile of dirty clothes that is growing on the floor of my bedroom like moss. Both I have worn before. I did not care enough to check if they smelled before I put them on.

I honestly do not remember, but I probably cried either walking to the pharmacy or coming back. It was on the way back that I stopped at Tsikinis to get myself a carton of oat milk. This time I did not think about stopping at SAQ. Just now am I remembering about the almost empty of vodka that remains in my freezer. I cannot say why exactly I am not tempted by the idea of finishing it.

When was it that I cooked the lentils? It must have been a couple of days ago.

I answered back to Reza's text. That was not today so it must have been yesterday. I cannot remember what I said nor if he replied back.

Myriam has kept texting since replying to my message reaching out after her trip to Chicago. She brought up the idea of asking me out that same day mentioning she had been free. I did like often Clara would and said that the idea sounded nice, but unfortunately it would not work out. She has not brought the idea back again. My replying, while not reaching days-long retardation, has been particularly late. 

I remembered about Sarah and how the two weeks of her trip to South Korea must have ended by now. I texted her something more than a week away that remained unacknowledged. I considered the idea that she has gotten enough of me, but when I went back to her conversation, I read how she mentioned seeing me after her return in the same message she informed me about her upcoming departure. Do I wanna see her? 

Early last night I gave up on the day and took the pills eager to find out their efficacy for kicking me out. They worked marvelously. Like the pharmacist informed me—in a French-accented English after confirming with me that it would work better for me—I started feeling its effects after maybe a half-an-hour. I thought about last night when I decided not to take them before finishing these words. 

I did pause and stood up for a drink. Chocolate almond milk rather than vodka. 

It is weird having these mixed feelings of sickly melancholy with the bright sprouts of moody improvement. I think about going back to try to fix the half-35. I think of the idea of going back to this journal and give it another go to the idea of building a novel out of these snapshots. But then it comes back, the clinical darkness and void. What is the point of fixing a camera if I have nowhere to share the pictures? Why would I write about these anonymous women who after meeting me decided I was not enough if not even them cared about me? What makes me think my thoughts and emotions could interest anyone other than my future self? 

Alda shared with me her brother in law's Crave password. I am now sitting down not-watching The Leftovers. I remember watching it once and concluding it was one of my favourite television series. 

Why now, more than ever when I feel like my life lacks value and worth do I feel the urge to share its details with other people? 

I did eat breakfast today, but it was not before my meeting with Louis. Going to bed early made it easier to wake up just as early. In the morning I smelled myself again. I must have not showered in the past few days. Like the abandoned clothes, I have not washed my sheets since Majo slept with me the past week. Tomorrow, if I do end up leaving the house, I should pass by an ATM and get some cash to start hunting for more 1-dollar laundry coins. 

I have to finish soon the other Despentes book. Did I write about going to the library and finishing the other book there? If that is the case, did I mention not helping looking into the the faces of the people studying with the hopes of finding a familiar one? 

Whenever I did, that must have been the last day I showered before today. 

I did not have breakfast in the morning, but I did brew coffee. I sat down in the computer and got to work. One or two hours before, shortly after 8h, I replied to one of the several emails from Louis checking in on me. I thanked him for his show of care and asked him to meet normally. By then I was undecided still if I wanted to go to the office or stay at home. I told him so, bringing up that I would then maybe need to meet on Teams. Shortly after he replied that there was no problem about it. 

I managed to finish some tables and figures to show him. He seemed surprised and amazed that despite this arduous week, I managed to get some work done. We talked about the plan of postponing the thesis seminar. We settled on a new deadline for it. While the first half of the IPN website says I have to inform IPN two weeks before its date, further down with the link of the poster I have to fill the lapse increases to three weeks. Thus, we agreed on deciding next Tuesday. 

I asked him whether, if we do postpone it to late May, I would have enough time to defend before the expiral of my study permit in November. He seemed relaxed by the idea and said that I had plenty of time. Then, I said nothing when he said he would reach out this week to the members of my committee for a tentative date in May. 

Sometime today  I received a message in Telegram like the numerous ones I get offering me jobs or trying to recruit me for something except this one was in Spanish. The name of the contact said Pedro Picapiedra. I asked whether I knew him. It turned out to be Walter. Someone must have mentioned to him my annoyance with being invited by third-parties, since he wanted to tell me about breakfast at his place this coming Saturday. I did not RSVP. 

In the group chat with María and Aliza, the former asked us whether we wanted to go. The latter said she was excited. In our own chat, I told Majo I was unsure about it. I gave her the same reason that I used myself for not going to the office today. 

I do not like people seeing me like this. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, March 28th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-28
Num Words: 775
Num Minutes: 28

"can u let me know when i can join u, im feeling abit overwhelmed by my thoughts"  I cannot remember if I have sit before on this precise spot. It feels like it, but most probably it is not true. This time I have not cried. I must have been here around three or four hours. I cannot tell if that is above or below my usual.

Unlike yesterday, it was harder to fall asleep as it was to get out of bed in the morning. I remember turning around and trying to masturbate in order to ease my sleep. One of the signs that the hormones are working, besides the lack of cleanup needed when I climax, is how much harder it actually is to get to that point.

I was about to write how last night I shared with Majo my doubts about how much to inject myself this morning given the mixed results I have gotten. My breasts are no longer sore; the mood swings, while still present, are much less overwhelming; I half-remember the sensation of semi-erections in the middle of the night. It was not last night, though. I sent those messages at around 9h. I did not fully wake-up nor get up until a couple of hours later. I think I showered before injecting the same dose as last week.

Spring is coming. I has techincally arrived yet. Still, rather than my black light jacket, I wore the red puffy one. I need to clean up the pile of dirty clothes. With the new sleeping medication the new-side effect of sweating through the night has made much more necessary that I wash the sheets which I have not changed. I need to get some cash in order to hunt more laundry coins.

I grabbed my old (newer) laptop, the thermos of coffee that I brewed, my already-filled traveller's notebook and my iPad to come work at the library. For some reason I have been feeling more at ease sitting among strangers than with my labmates—whom I know now care about me enough to note my absence. In yesterday's meeting with Louis, I mentioned working mostly from home. He had no arguments against it.

He did ask me to frequently give out signs of life. He made an off-hand comment about send of the cavalry were he to stop hearing about me. I was riding the metro today and thought about giving him an emergency contact. He must have access to the one registered in Minerva. Who is it?

Alda reached out some time today. She started by asking what had happened regarding the picture I sent her a couple of days ago about the empty profile of Clara. She continued by saying how she had thought I had not replied to her and was just about the check up on me.

"Any progress in forgetting about her?"

I avoided her question. I did not say a word about having a tab in my phone with the link to her profile, which I religiously go back to and check if it is still empty. Next to it its mine, which I also check as if somehow it were to come back to life by itself. I did not talk at all about how I often reopen the same image she quoted trying to put myself back to those 15 minutes in which I had definite closure. That hollow pain seems more comfortable than this aimless waiting.

I have lost count—because for a while I did count them—of the days since I last saw her or heard from her. I keep thinking about the subsequent lasts—the last good date, the last unreciprocated kiss, the last text she sent, the last text I sent—as if their significance could convince me of stop caring about this.

In less than two weeks is the concert that we planned months ago. Last time we saw each other I confessed how I panicked by the thought of it. I do not think she ever got that I feared of exactly what is happening right now.

Will I reach out to her yet again using it as an excuse? Will I look up for her as I swim the crowds between songs or will I stay motionless with my sight fixed on the scenery with the intention of erasing everyone around me and her among them?

Will I even go?

I hesitated but sent to Majo a text asking her to let me know when I could join her. She replied maybe a half-an-hour afterwards saying she would.

I did end up crying today at the library.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, March 29th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-29
Num Words: 1132
Num Minutes: 29

"i have a hundred questions. i'm free this weekend if you're free/down"  I texted Majo to ignore my request and that I would be going home. I left the library feeling chaos inside me. 

Rather than take the orange line back home, I took the green line in the opposite direction. I got off at Place des arts and walked towards Complexe Desjardins. I wanted to drink. I wanted to quiet down the screaming thoughts in my head and lighten the dense knot in my chest. I had to find my way through the walled up usual route. I felt agitated, my breathing was rushed. I probably looked distraught to the people around me. I did not feel their judgemental sights. Not this time. 

I bought a small bottle of whisky and then went inside the supermarket for something quick to eat and have in my stomach besides the pudding cake piece of the morning. I walked through the ready-to-eat section and looked at the sandwiches but most of them had meat. There was a spicy falafel wrap, but it was too expensive. I ended up having the same type of sandwiches that I bought on that small supermarket by Laurier the last time that I lost control. 

I used the tunnel network to walk towards Palais de Congres. I planned my route with the CIBC ATM on the way in mind. By the time I made it back to the orange line, the wildfire behind my ribs had burned through me and lighten me up for everyone to see. Three stations behind my own, I sat down to an empty seat, held my backpack to my chest, and sobbed quietly to my sleeves. 

I cannot remember which station it was, when I looked at my phone. I did not hear ir nor feel any vibrations. For some reasons I took it out and looked at it and saw the three notifications from an unregistered contact. 

"i'm sorry to hear, also sorry about being withdrawn from the world lately, it's been sort of a t"for me thèses daysI also hope you are ok and that we can see each other soon if you want"ough time, but this is no excuseof courseI think everything went a little too fast in general"

I read them without realizing whom they were from. Their disorder made it harder to figure out both their meaning and their sending. Until everything clicked. 

I still went to Clara's contact information at the bottom of her website to confirm the phone number. 

I did not feel better. Calm was nowhere among her words. 

I made it home and I opened the bottle. I drank sip by sip, slowly until there was nothing left.

I texted with my mum. She had asked me to let her know whenever I got home, thus I did. She replied back quickly and asked me how my day had been. Careless I was too honest. 

"es como si subieran mis emociones a 11, todo se siente más fuerte, irritabilidad, tristeza, alegría, enojo. es como si mis pensamientos gritaran y van muy rápido. por eso voy a la biblioteca porque estar con gente hace como que todo vaya más callado. pero igual no puedo evitar llorar en el metro o caminando a la casa y la gente me ve raro.tengo pensamientos intrusivos como inyectarme una y otra vez con la jeringa de las hormonas, en la pierna, en el estómago, en la cara. o de de pronto caerme en las vías del metro. o de beber una botella entera y tomarme todas las pastillas para dormir. por eso mi psicóloga le mandó mensaje a sonny que le dijera a mis amigas de aquí que no estoy bien y el psiquiatra me duplicó la dosis en dos semanas"

She asked me if I wanted her to come. I did. I really did, but instead I told her it was not necessary. 

We continued talking. I hoped I said the right things to calm down her warranted worries. 

I replied back to Clara with the usual week it takes her to get back to me in the back of my head. The 9th of April became again a lighthouse in the distance. 

I do not remember if I put on alarm to get ready for Walter's thing. There is a faint memory of it singing and me shushing it, but it could be from any other day. 

I decided not to go. I texted the group with Aliza and Majo to ask Aliza to tell him that I was not feeling well given I mixed alcohol with my meds. 

Around noon, Clara replied back saying she was not free tonight, but we could meet for coffee in the afternoon. I remember last year when I first met her she mentioned she does not like coffee. I made no mention of it. I said that would work and offered her to pick a place or meet af Café Velours. 

Minutes later, I replied to the text I had ignored from Majo. Then I sent her the screenshot I took of the notifications inside the metro. She was surprised. With reason, since she's always believed that she would not reach back. She made notice of the i think everything went a little too fast and asked me what she meant. I told her I did not know.

"me maybe, pero dice 'in general'"

She told me she's unwell, and I answered back that we knew. 

"Yo lo sospechaba"Pero conforme pasa el tiempo"Lo confirmo jaja"Como que quisiera no sentirse atraída por ti but she does"

"i have no idea what is going on on her side of the screen," I told her. I wondered outloud about the idea of her wanting to see me to end things correctly rather than just disappearing. Majo disagreed. She does not think she has the emotional maturity to do something like that. 

"we'll find out soon," I threw back. "i'm seeing her in 4h."

She tried to dissuade me from it. I am not well, she argues. She is not mistaken. 

She told me she's free around 15h and 15h30, that we could see each other. 

"ambas sabemos que no voy a cancelar" 

"You should"Verla no es una buena idea  "Al menos no hoy "She's not worth the risk you are taking right now" 

I said I knew all of that. I am well aware that I'll come back home feeling worse than when I left. I wondered if this is another way of hurting myself. 

"Todo el mundo a tu alrededor piensa que deberías estar internada," she wrote, probably frustrated. "Las dos sabemos que no sobrevivirías un internamiento." 

"Yeah café velours is fine, I'll be there at 5," just lightened up on my phone.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, March 30th, 2025
Date: 2025-03-30
Num Words: 2024
Num Minutes: 75

"So, you said you have a hundred questions. I don't know if I have a hundred answers."  I imagined that I would regret writing before seeing Clara. The details would have been fresh in my mind. I would have been able to remember the precise way words were said and how the bounce over before settling in. But I predicted that after our meeting I would not have the mental energy to sit down and write about whatever was going to happen. I got that right. I took my pills before 21h and shut down the lights, giving up on the day. I fell asleep not much after.

Am I avoiding it now?

I left home early—still not as early as I wanted at first. I took the Despentes book with me. I thought I could get to the café earlier, find somewhere to sit where I would not feel claustrophobic. I could sit down and read quietly before her arrival. Make some very needed progress towards finishing the book that I had to return today. I arrived with a headstart of 30 minutes.

Quietly I scouted the area as I walked from the entrance to the counter where the barista welcomed me with a smile. I browsed quickly the menus, first the tea ones then the regular one. I settled on the house's chai. I asked to see the different sizes, despite knowing beforehand that I would have to get the largest one.

— Est-ce que c'est ouvert, là-bas ? I asked him after giving him a 20 dollar bill.

— Uh ? en bas ? Oui ! 

I looked at the door that leaded to the basement. I had been there before. The last time I had gone to that café had been for my date with another French woman. I have forgotten her name, but I could go back to instagram to check it. Right until I deactivated it again, she was a frequent expectator of my stories.

I headed instead towards the vacant table by the window. It was secluded enough to not feel paranoid. The view outside would make it so I could see her arrive—or for her to notice me before heading in.

I stood up and went for my tea. After siting back down, I closed myself by putting my headphones in and continuing reading my book. I did my best trying not to wait for a notification in my phone nor to look to outside the window. What did I hope to win by not being the first recognizing the other?

Whatever I was playing at I lost by monitoring my watch. I doubled the effort after the long hand had arrived to the 12 uptop.

I ended looking up as she was opening the door. I did not see her face until after she turned left to leave her stuff on the bench across me.

She started with a friendly "hey", putting on a normalcy mask over this almost-month since she promised to see me again soon. "How are you?" 

I looked at her; red-hot hair, turquoise-cold eyes, and a warm smile. "Good, good," I lied.

She asked if someone was coming or did we need to head over to order. I pointed towards the counter as I mumbled my answer. This gave me another five minutes to gather my thoughts before her return with a small glass of hot chocolate.

I had rehearsed many times what would be my first question of many questions. I kept going back between how are you, really?, what happened?, or what is it that you want from me? But in the end, it was what did you order? 

We noticed the two dogs that were tied to the bench right outside our window. One of them kept looking at me, questioning, curious. Then he looked at her. She tried to take a quick picture of him, before he turned away.

Then we talked. For two hours we looked at each other and we talked. She would turn towards me and meet my eyes, smile subtly, and then look away, shyly, perhaps guiltily. I, instead, would leave them on her after her hiding, aware that I could forget her face and that any of these could very well be the last one.

She started with the job problems we had talked about on the ramen place; confirming the money problems that Majo and I had inferred these weeks of nothingness; and closing the list with family problems that I had not expected.

I told her about my not feeling well, not really. I mentioned the increases in dosage and the sleepless nights. I was careful of not mentioning the public crying, the intrusive thoughts, nor the self-destructive behaviour. I definitely did not bring up the What now? group, nor the nights I was not deemed safe to be left on my own.

We talked about deleting instagram—to which she quickly corrected me about it being a temporary deactivation. I mentioned that for 15 minutes, I believed she had blocked me. She was surprised and felt the need to say that she could not think about why she would have done that.

I brought up our last meeting, the clumsy and awkward conversation that we had, and subtly ask her if I had scared her. She looked away before confessing how, afterwards, she had thought about it and realized I was looking for more. She did not finish whether she meant more than she did or more than she could give me.

Later, somewhen, I looked down at my empty glass as I held it with both hands. I turned it gently, seeing the last bit of tea-stained milk swivel around making the tea dust dance. Then I asked, "what do you want from me?"

She looked at me, for longer this time, and with a questioning face that did not include a smile.

"I mean," I tried to explain myself, "do you want to keep seeing me?" I looked down again at the glass, then away outside to the two dogs that remained there. "Or do you want us to leave this here?" I went back to her eyes still on me. This time they did not hide away.

She said she still wanted to see me. Then she mumbled something about not being used to not meeting people randomly. I assumed she meant organically, referring back to about how more than half-a-year ago we had met on a dating app. She continued saying something about the expectations that come up with it. I thought about how, with people you meet on the job, you don't have to plan or intent to see them again. There is the job pushing both of them to meet. Friends, even those whom you meet through other friends, have the friendship as a motivator to schedule a next meeting. But what about us? We are not coworkers and we are not technically friends. We met with the implied purpose of dating. of getting to know each other and see if we are a match—our sense of humour, our personalities, our sexual preferences. What reason is there left to see me again for, if she knows there is no destination, no end-goal for her to arrive to?

“Whenever you want me out of your life,” I started as yet again I looked for refuge in the dancing bits of tea that remained in the glass I kept grasping stubbornly, “please, don’t do it quietly.”

This time she looked at me with a veil I could not recognize—was it quiet guilt or was it judgmental pity?

“No,” she broke the silence between us. “That wouldn’t be nice.”

Somewhere between one of the many—but certainly not a hundred—questions, she looked towards the book that I placed over my coat. I could infer the awe in her surprise when she asked me if I was reading Virginie Despentes in the original French. After I confirmed her, she confirmed me by saying it was impressive. I pushed her, trying to feed my own ego. She wanted to talk about her writing style. She stumbled as she looked for a word to describe it. Direct, messy, powerful. I thought back to myself asking chatGPT to recommend me French writers that resonated with my own writing style. So I gave it to her, raw, the word she was looking for.

"Raw," she echoed.

We talked about the concert. We brought it up several times, even up to the very last moment, right before her bus arrived and she confirmed that I still wanted to go to the show with her. As if she could not believe it. As if the most reasonable outcome would have been for me not to want to.

“I’m glad that you didn’t hit me,” I misheard her say. 

“Please, c’mon.” I objected, perhaps even offended. I thought of the accent that tints our conversations and her words shifted as if a passing cloud moving a shadow changed its shape. 

“Oh,  hate!” I offered her, and explained the misunderstanding. “No, I don’t hate you; even though I know I had reasons to.”

She said nothing.

“Were you disappointed that I didn’t hate you?”

She was quick to say no. “I don’t have that toxic behaviour.”

I thought about it. “It is something I would feel,” I confessed unprompted  

“Yeah, now that I think of it, perhaps I have done it before. But not now; not with you.”

Other unplanned subjects that were in between the conversations that I had planned to have were the birthday party she was going that night; me becoming a vegetarian, and the petty and narcissistic reasoning behind it; why she studied English rather than French literature; when was it that she became a red-head and what was keeping her from going back to being blonde—right after this one, I started noticing the now more obvious roots behind her ears and on her hair parting, and how, somehow, these imperfections made her attractive.

Shortly after the barista came with a tray and asked us if we were done with our drinks, I told her we could leave whenever she wanted. She looked for the timetable of the bus she was to take. Like that morning, months ago, when I went back to sleep on her chest and she, softly and quietly, separated one by one the tangled curls of my hair, she said we had 10 more minutes.

Outside, she asked me which direction I was going. I made no comment about her knowing where I live and instead just pointed towards the opposite direction of her bus stop.

I walked with her, claiming to myself the five more minutes that we had before the bus arrival. Both of us were shivering with cold. I wanted, just like last time, to reach towards her and bring her close. Precisely because of last time, specifically our last kiss, I did not do it and I swallowed instead the thought that concluded in me creating a new last kiss, again longingly, desperately, and begging; potentially again unreciprocated.

I saw her bus even before it became a bus-figure in the horizon. "There it is," I felt the need to state outloud, as the faint lights started morphing into a recognizable object. As it approached us and passed the lights that did not turn red soon enough, I raised my right arm signaling for it, betraying my own wish.

She opened her arms to me, inviting, welcoming, and confirmed outloud one last time that I was going with her to the show. We hugged. There was no shooting-star-like kiss this time. I did not turn my face towards her either.

She turned her back to me and went inside the bus that had already stopped for her. As she climbed the stairs she looked back to me, her Eurydice to her Orpheus. She raised a finger like she had just remembered something. I cannot recall if she made a fruitless effort before the closing doors separated us.

I turned back myself and started my walk home.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, March 31st, 2025
Date: 2025-03-31
Num Words: 794
Num Minutes: 59

"Hey, Sofía! [...]""hi Sofía, [...]""Hi Sofibug.""Hey Sofibug""Hey, miss you too."  Last night I shared the last couple of paragraphs of the entry to María. Her reaction was to laugh at my reference to Orpheus and Eurydice. I felt slightly embarrased and doubted myself if it was too corny.

I did not show it; instead I doubled down.

"she turned back"literally and thematically", I added thinking back to Clara turning on her feet, raising her finger, and looking towards me with a mild and subtle desperation in her eyes; thinking further back to her unexpected, disordered and unadorned messages. "but it's not the same", Majo has a point; Orpheus turned because of love. I do not know what came back to Clara's  mind that she suddenly wanted to share with me. I have not a fucking idea what motivated her to come back from the dead with a hope you are ok and that we can see each other soon.   "it's not out of love", guilt, pity, shame; whatever it is, it's not the same; if you want.  

"Oh god" was Majo's response. What else was there to say?

"Esto no es amor," she echoed my own concession before she struck,"Lo que tu sientes se llama obsesión" 

But, she had more to say. Her surgically precise observation was not enough. What left me speechless was her next observation:

"She turned back so for her you faded away."  This past night, in contrast to the previous ones, was much harder to fall asleep. I did not even feel the normal dizziness or heaviness from the sleeping medication. I pushed away the covers, took my underwear and started touching myself.

I closed my eyes and went back to that night of January: Clara's arms wrapping mine, my fingers digging through her freshly dyied fire-red hair; the first shy kisses I planted on her cheek in the middle of the night, then the daring pull of her face towards me before the first risky one on her lips followed by her reciprocation; can I take your clothes off and the dance that followed, my lips exploring her body, traversing through her breasts and navel all the way down to her sex; her bracing earthy taste that remained in my mouth all night; the chance look upwards the precise moment she caught her breath and reached to clasp my hand on her breast.

But it was fruitless. I had squeezed out all the erotic significance of that night. My arm tired and I considered giving up, both on climaxing and sleeping.

I thought back to other moments; other nights, other women. Eventually, after several tries, one of them was enough. I thanked my now stable levels of estrogen for needing nothing more than turn away and cover myself back with the covers to try and see if my masturbation had its desired effect.

It did not. All throughout the night I kept waking up and falling back to sleep. I do not remember if I had set up an alarm, but I got out of bed before 9h.

I cooked myself some breakfast and brewed some accompanying coffee. It was sufficient but unenjoyable.

I worked. I did my best to do something productive. I used this manuscript that should have been ready since last year. It has been now longer the time that I have been working on the small corrections needed than the frustratingly long time it spent under review that Louis and I complained so much about.

This was my distraction. What I came back to in order to quiet myself from the made up conversations I would have with myself. The rehearsal of the words that I wish I would have said a couple of days ago. My reviewing of the countless questions that I missed, the missing portion of the one hundred that remained hidden in my head, in my chest, in my throat—except they were precisely the opposite of countless, as the whole intention was to enumerate them; as if reaching to that promised hundred would give me some sense of accomplishment; look what you caused; witness the magnitude of the confusion and uncertainty, see the darkness where you abandoned me. 

Sometimes it is not even about Clara at all. Sometimes, for some other reason, something inside expands in my chest and pushes towards my throat; my eyes water and my respiration crescendos into an unmanaged chaos, tears flow but whatever inside me remains, tearing, obliterating; devastating.

Then I come back down and sit down. Open a terminal or a word document, and wait for this tempest inside me to calm itself. At least for a moment before I think back to another question, or another half-thought that triggers the cycle to begin again.

