------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-01
Words:   864
Minutes: 37

What happened this morning? I was going to take my grandma to the store. Yesterday I said to them how there was a crafts shop in the plaza near the 5 & 10 down the neighborhood. We could go there. Later, talking with Catherine I came to realize it wasn't here in the plaza, but in the mall near her house. I could go pick her up and take my grandma to that store. After returning home, we could stay a little until going to jhonny's. 

I got up from bed. I did not need the alarm I put last night. I was awake when Luis and grandma talked over breakfast. I heard the morning chats and the sounds of their routines. I stayed in bed and continued sleeping. It was near 10 when I finally got up. This time there was no breakfast ready. I heated the biscuit from Sunday and fried and egg to exchange the one within. I took my pills and watched the fraction of the episode that was airing of Law and Order SVU. The clothes were ready. I'd be wearing the new red dress, today would be the ceremony of jhonny. He'd see me again, for a second time as sofia. This time I'd be wearing a dress. Would I encounter other classmates? Some teachers? 

I showered and shaved my legs and chest and face. Everything was set and done. My grandma came to my room as I was still in pijama with the hair wet and told me that I could go by myself to the store and just buy three packets of the pearls and the shakiras. The store is besides the oxxo. They usually have them in little containers like ketchup? Something like that. I put on the dress and make up. Nothing fancy or extravagant, the usual. I drove down and entered the store. There was a young woman and an older one. I asked them if they had something like those and showed them the two little baggies of pearls. They told me no, and then looked for the shakiras. They had a plastic bowl filled with bags of tinny and shinny little pieces of plastic of several colors. They looked inside one that matched the one I showed them. A boy with uniform and a backpack came and asked for the homework he just sent to the printer. They turned to him and answered his questions while making the transaction of my things. 

I paid for the bags and they referred to me as she. "Give her back her change" "She left me without any change, she's going to take it all". 

I drove back and paid half of the price from my money. I returned 90 of the 100 pesos that my grandma had given me to pay. I stood in front of her with the red dress. It was fine, it didn't matter that the colors didn't totally match. 

Before I left to Catherine's she came back again. "You look really beautiful... You're mother is delighted with you, you knew it, didn't you? You knew she would be enchanted with it". No, of course not. I did not know how she would take it. 

I stopped at the gas station. The dispatcher saw me as a lady, even after hearing my voice he thanked me and wished me a good evening, "miss". 

I ate with Catherine's parents. Her mom cooked flautas and lentils. I sat at their table with the red dress and not once did they refer to me as Ivan. Her grandfather sat with us. He talked to me, he saw me, he made no mention. Did he recognize me? 

We went to the university. I saw Felix and Ivan. I saw Brenda and Ivan Hernandez. Waiting for Jhonny, I hugged and congratulated Gabriela. Leo asked us to take a picture of him and his family. Nayely was the first one to see and say hi to me. Her friend saluted me with a kiss. Maybe he didn't recognize me. Maybe he did and didn't care. 

Jhonny came out and I hugged him. "Woman!", he said to me. We took pictures. Ivan and felix and Tere and Sarahi, greeted me and hugged me as well. "Who is she?", asked her kid to Sarahi, "Her name is Sofia". Aymee saw me from far away and I noticed her eyes on me. 

We went and greeted Zayra. She asked us how everything's going, how are we doing. She looked at me but made no mention nor comment of my attire or looks. 

Walking back to the car, I see a bald man driving a green car. He was wearing shades but I noticed his eyes crossing mine. He turned but his face stayed on me. I recognized him when he finally exit. "Monica's dad" 

We drove to Playas. We went to argana and was welcomed by new waitresses. They saw us as girls and brought us our moroccan tea and hookah. 

Before Catherine got out of my car, we tried the lipsticks we bought. The wedding is close. The graduation party, the first party I'll go as Sofia is closer. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-02
Words:   808
Minutes: 19

"Im tired. 

That was not a quote. They were the first words I murmured before I started typing. It's an hour before midnight. Tomorrow will be jhonny's graduation. The dress is ready, the sandals are ready. I have more make up to apply. I won't be alone, Catherine will be by my side the whole night. This will be my first night as Sofia. No, I've had plenty of nights. I lived first by night and in hotel rooms. This will be my first party. 

My nails are painted. I painted them today for the first time. The polish feels like a coat of plastic wrapped around my finger, pressing and pulling. It's a weird sensation. Even after all this weeks, I don't fully get accustomed to the idea of not hiding. I closed the door when I painted them. I exited the room with the face and clothes I showed to Rene. My parents were in the living room watching a movie. The've seen me, they know me, they love me. 

It should not be unbelievable. 

Last night Miguel came to my room and told me that he might need me to bring the television to his school. It would be in the morning, he'd need it by 10am. He'd send me a text message around nine if they would need it. If I would not hear of him by ten, he would not need the favor. 

So I put the alarm clock at nine to be awaken and ready to his call. I kept waking and falling again on and on, postponing the alarm and answering Catherine's texts. I was nervous of getting the message or call. I wanted not to change or get up. I'd not have time enough to get ready to take it and then go to Rene after. I'd have to go in my pijamas. I just hoped he would not need me. 

Fifteen minutes after ten, an arabic woman sang from my night table. I grabbed the phone nervously and looked the name of my Aunt Cruz in the screen. I answered but heard nothing. It might had been a pocket dial, maybe. Should I get nervous? As I showered later in the morning I imagined her telling me she got an offer to adopt both of the puppies. They'd prefer them to share a home. Best they not get separated. Who could I be to deny them that? 

I made myself eggs with sausage and tomatoes. I shaved my pubes and used the other face of the razor machine to clean some of the subtle stubble of my chin and mustache. I put the jeggings and hesitated between the red and green blouse. I put the make up usually as I do. I took the brushes that I bought yesterday from Dax. I opened them and took the foundation one out. I did not use it. In the envelope it said it's for powder. I applied some concealer and blush. I looked at my face a little different. I looked different. Was it more feminine? Was it better? Worse? I could not tell. I just left. 

I drove to Rene's. I parked the car in the plaza where I usually do. I walked to the building behind the hospital but made a stop in the Oxxo. As I passed the counter of cafe inside the market, one of the baristas said: "Can I offer you a drink, miss?" I walked ahead to the fridge and grabbed a bottle of water. I paid for them to the cashier that once complimented my hair. 

"Hey, how are you?" "Fine, you?" "It's been a while since you've come" "Yeah, a while, I guess" "Yeah, good bye, have a good day". 

She recognized me. But was I the young man she saw or the young woman that had been there? 

"You've been going femme lately to Rene" Catherine replied to me as I told her by text. 

My session with Rene was normal. I talked to him about Mexicali and the course. I talked about my wanting of a puppy and wish to care for others. I told him about my thoughts about never being a mother. The feelings that come with them. 

Entering the building and at the bottom of the stairs was Brenda Zavala. She was with me in high school and then in college. Did I have her on Facebook? Did she know about me? We waved each other, anyway. 

I went to Dax in the mall, I looked around in Sears looking out for something to wear on my hair. I found nothing. I bought a primer for eye shadow and the white eye liner that forgot yesterday. 

Luis is not home. He's in school in his camp for the first night of the weekend. 

I miss him a little. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-03
Words:   774
Minutes: 16

The day has come. The dress is hanged on my closet. The shoes are still in their box. My nails are painted but I'm still in my shorts and blouse. It's 20 minutes until 5 in the afternoon. In a little more than two hours Catherine is going to come. I feel tired and a strangeness in my stomach. I woke up early, not as early as Catherine, but before my mom and grandma. I got up and was the first one to open the paper bag that my father brought. I ate my biscuit and left the other one. Did I return to bed? No, I was on the couch. Is it nervousness or something else? 

Before my mom and grandma left for school I did return to bed. I watched some episodes of Adventure time and heard them heading out. I returned outside with hunger. I looked for items to munch on. Early on I felt the pressure to fill this huge lacuna of time. Now, I see the minutes counting down. 

I am nervous. I am a little worried of not being able to look nice. What if I end up looking weird? What if I look manly? 

The reception card is inside my wallet. My father left to buy pizza. I ate at noon the other biscuit I left in the morning. I watched an episode of friends and told Catherine my intentions as if I were asking her permission. 

I was again in bed when my mom and grandmom returned with Luis. They thought I was asleep, and Cande asked about me. "Has sofia eaten yet?" They argue a little if I were outside or not. "He was outside, he was here lying on the couch". His words do hurt. Why do I pretend they don't? I do understand, I know where they come from and the difficulty behind them, the struggle. But they don't hurt any less because of that comprehension. 

"I did not see him", say my grandma after. As if seeing me as what I am not were contagious. 

Will he still see me as Ivan, his son, when I shower and put make up on and wear the long dress? Does it hurt him as well? 

He just arrived from buying the pizza. 10 minutes until five. When I asked Catherine the time that I should plan to start getting ready, she told me five. She plans on coming here by seven to help me with my hair. It's just arriving and saying hi, doing my hair, taking the manuals and her mother's feet bracelets and leaving. 

What are the things that I have to do? I have to pluck my eyebrows, wash my teeth, eat, I guess, and maybe stopping by the bathroom. I have to shower and shave my pits and legs. I have to wash my hair and body. I'll shave my face after. I'll put the moisturizer on my face and then put the mousse on my hair and form the curls to let them dry until Catherine arrives. I might start with the make up. First, I'll try the eye shadows. 

There is another anxiety. That is the new thing I don't really know how to do. I've seen videos on the internet, some tutorials and tips, but they're not really useful. I did it once, Aidee helped me, she was with me and saw me and guided me. 

I should be going out and started eating. 

What will happen tonight? After both of us get ready and go to the party, after they took our receptions and let us in, and show us our table. How will it be? I was nervous about seeing Tere and Ivan, or other graduates. But I've seen them already. They have seen me in a dress. 

There is nothing new. I'll be me in a party. I've been me outside, I've been me in bars and restaurants and other places. I've been me with friends and family. What's the difference? Is it uncomfortable to realize there is nothing new? 

There is something new. This is a graduation, this is a formal ceremony, a long dress night party. This is not a going out to bars, the first time of those was nervous and exciting as well. Now I don't need to worry about being asked for an id. 

This time there won't be an after party. This time I won't sleep besides Catherine with a hungover. 

This time I won't need to drown in alcohol to bare the suit. This time there is not going to be a suit. That is change enough.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-04
Words:   817
Minutes: 30

I feel this urge against writing the words. It's been 80 days of continuous writing. Why is this so tiring? Is it that I am running out of things to say? More than four months of hormones and changes, yesterday was the graduation of jhonny and my first evening in a long gown. It's not that I have nothing to say, just that I feel this defense against it. 

seven hundred and fifty words, three pages approximately. The conversation with Catherine is in another tab. This morning as I returned home I considered sitting in my desk and typing this day's quota. I did not.  

So I finished yesterday's words in the afternoon so I would not have to feel pressured about getting ready or returning home or finding the time to type them in the phone or cheat. 

I got out of the shower with my body shaved smooth and my face ready. I put mouse on my hair and applied some cream in my face. I was nervous about starting with the eye shadow. It was something I just did once. This time I would be seen by several people. Time kept running and I started. It was difficult to find a place where I felt comfortable. I stood in front of the full mirror behind my door and then sat in my bed with the hand mirror Catherine gave me Thursday. I did them calmly and slowly. The end result was a subtle change. Even with the full make up, the difference was noticeable, but I looked natural. Catherine put it as "you look subtle, natural, like a good girl". 

After the make up and hair I put on the shoes and finally the dress. The open leg looked better than I had imagined. The nervous of getting out came again. It's not about fearing the reactions or comments. It's about being seen, being exposed. I am vulnerable, I am true to myself. 

I asked my mother to break me a note of 500. She did and made no comment about my face or clothes. It was until later that she asked me if the dress was from when I bought the other one for the wedding. "Yeah, for 20 dollars, too". 

I looked for the tag and showed it to her. There were still some minutes until Catherine's arrival. 

She sent me a text. She was here. I opened the door and received her. She helped me with my hair after greeting my mom in the couch. I went up for the container with my mom's hair pins. My dad saw me as well. Catherine tied the upper half of my hair in two meeting braids. She tied them with a hair pin that she lent me. Finally, she separated the curls and farmed them thinner. She started on my left side and when she got to the right, she kept the same orientation, changing the original one from the final side. The right side of my hair puffed up in frizzed as the curl was formed in the opposite side. She fixed her hair and I turned them as they were with some more mouse. I looked fine, although I felt a little nervous and uncomfortable. 

We left to her car and she drove. I expected to see some known people besides Jhonny and Tere. There might be Ivan and Felix or someone else. 

She turned around after we were in line waiting for a parking spot and the cars behind us started honking. The second time around the door of the parking place before the mall was open. We parked in the yard of the restaurant I went with my mother. Inside the salon, the first person we met was Melissa. Had I seen her since I told her about me? This was the first time apart from two days before that I saw a lot of people. 

I was treated as a woman by every single person. The ones who recognized me hugged me and told me how happy they were to see me, the ones who don't, just looked through me. The waiter, as he realized that there would be a missing plate in the table, asked the man whose turn it was if he would like to cede it to me instead. He accepted. 

I waited in line for the bathroom, not a single person looked at me judging or suspicious. I waited for my turn and used it. I was greeted by men with a kiss in the cheek. 

Today, the boyfriend of Gabriela, Antonio, added me on Facebook, and sent me a message saying how we never really talked before, but he wanted to say to me how I looked really good and happy. 

"It feels really different wearing a dress to a suit" "You look different, you look more happy... No, you just look happy" 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-05
Words:   770
Minutes: 46

More than a 12 hours of sleep, a mid afternoon nap and I'm still tired. 

My mom just came down to eat dinner and I took one of her burritos. A student of hers gave it to her. It's of potatoes and meat. In a mason jar I put some apple juice. 

I'm chatting with Catherine on the other tab. 

"are you feeling bad lately? Your grandma told me she's been seeing you tired lately and with a falling face or without energy, you're not eating lately" 

I have been eating. I've eaten more than I should. But is she on to something? I was lying on bed by 10 last night. I fell asleep after some minutes. I had several dreams. I remembered them at the time. The were about nothing extraordinary, the same old wanderings through fantasy. I came and went several times in the morning, each opening of the eyes was futile and every turn or intent to getting up fruitless. 

12 hours after falling asleep I answered Catherine's text and got up to eat breakfast. Candelaria was cleaning the lentils and putting the rice to cook. I decided not to use the stove and took the leftover biscuit from yesterday. I ate it in the couch while I looked for something to just hear on the tv. 

If I keep trying to find things to narrate about the doings of today, I won't even get to half of the words when I'll be sick of this. 

I saw the post I shared about the contest of the tales. Tales about sexuality. I posted it like a month ago and I've not even started the plotting of the draft. I had several ideas, I remember. Had I forgotten about it or just ignored it? 

Months before that I wanted to design a research project about a state of the art of the knowledge of trans people in the education and health circles. I wanted to do surveys or even just interviews. 

Even reading the threads in reddit about the transgender people has lost its interest. I remember being in Spain and looking at the messages and comments, people talking about the changes they were experimenting with hormones, a month, three, six... coming out to their family or going out, their procedures and surgery, their doubts and realizations. 

I read them with longing and thought of them so far away from me. I never commented nor posted anything, be it a question or anything to share. Time passed, and with it, it went and returned. I dealt with it again since the very beginning and told my friends and my parents, I started with the blood tests and the meetings with the dr. I started the treatment and came out, I went out more and more femininely. I am full time, now. I go to the school and out of the city as Sofia, I meet my family as whom I really am and everyone treat me with respect and admiration. 

I read the posts and even though I'm barely beginning I see them so far behind. Their problems are no longer mine. I have started HRT, I've told my family, I've gone out both in my job and my school and my social life. I have no doubts about who I am. I know how to keep in check the occasional feelings of self-hate and disgust with my own body. The changes in the short months I've been on hormones are notable and effective. I'm seen as a woman most of the time. I'm happy and people notices. 

My life is not perfect, I am not done. I hate myself sometimes and feel the dread of the things to come and the sadness and frustration of what I can't overcome. I see my body and still see traces of that costume I grew so attached to. I can't let go of the rest of his clothes. I still think of the supposed friend who left. I still cringe when I hear my dad avoid pronouns and names, I still feel let down every time he lets the old name slip out. 

Some days, like today, I can;t find the energy to get out of bed, or the will to do anything. I want to escape, be it in a children's cartoon or webcomics born from the fantasy of strangers. Even escaping to a half-read book is too much. 

Something keeps me from trying, from starting long-term goals. 

I am scared of leaving them unfinished. Of failing. 

Maybe that's why continuing with this is more and more tiring. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-06
Words:   768
Minutes: 28

I'm in bed. I'm not as sick as a week or two ago, when I threw up, and had to cancel my going out with Catherine. I haven't cancelled anything. The symptoms started today. It was after waking up. I don't remember dreaming anything or getting up in the middle of the night. I can't remember most of the night. My father and mother were arguing outside, in te living room where the printer is. Some paper sheet must had gotten stuck in the tray. My mother asked for my father's help. His actions were not precise enough. She warned him he would end up breaking the thing. "I don't know what else to do. I don't know about any secure or level to move. If you do, show me, but I don't." 

My mother told him, to stop messing with it carelessly, that's how 'they' broke the last one. She talks in this way when she asks for help. She and my grandma has this thinking of how someone who has more knowledge the them about technology, must know everything about it. 

They don't seem able to comprehend how we get to know about it. It's not like we were born with it, or had this genetic disposition to get the functionality of stuff. It's that we're not afraid of the machines. We look around, move around and mess with it. We pressed the buttons and set the preferences and see what happens. We experiment and try a different learn. We started just like her, in front of the screen with an intention and a need. When she comes to me or Miguel to ask us how to set the paragraphs the way she wants them or to turn off certain alarm, we have the same knowledge as her. We hand her device and start as clueless. Slowly we move and try and search until we get it. Sometimes we can't, or we have not enough time or energy to stay trying. She gets mad. Why don't we help her?  We know. It's as if we had her answer and kept it from her. How could we be so selfish? 

Lately she has not come to me for help. When I remember those instances of compute assistance, I grouped her with my grandma. Edgar, my brothers and I are the ones to help them. Were it not for my father, I'd imagine I'd be a thing about age. Is it about gender? 

Is that why she no longer asks me? 

I had to get away from the tablet. I guessed it was supposed to be more comfortable writing in bed, yet I don't feel it. I saw something move in the pillow under my chest. A brown small dot, running away. It was a spider. Was I once afraid of them?

I killed it. I don't like them,i don't like the thought of them wandering around in my bed as I sleep. 

In mexicali one of the times that I stayed a week with my grandma, I remember how I was scared of going to the bathroom at her place. I could pee just fine, but showering or shitting was unconceivable. There were lots of small black dots moving under the toilet. Would they crawl to my legs as I sat defenseless and vulnerable? What about in the shower, naked and with my eyes closed? 

For six months I showered in Spain. There was no curtain but a plastic door that had magnetic latches. The shower head was a handle that could be placed in a mount over our heads or maneuver it with our hand. That was the shower Consuela and I shared. 

I haven't heard from her since my coming out. She  added me on Facebook and liked something, I guess. But there's not been any message either way. Raúl hasn't added me, either. He didn't use Facebook much. Alberto knew and added me the same day I posted it. 

The sounds are crisper and more annoying. My nose is running. I ate two sandwiches and a cucumber and a bowl of lentils. 

My mother asked me how I was feeling. I told her the truth. My father would go to the pharmacy, he could buy me some pills, antiinflamatories for my throat. I asked him for some antihistamines, as well. I'm running out of estrogen. I did not ask him for those. Yesterday my mother gave me money for therapy and another 500 for pills. I could buy them from there. 

Tomorrow I'll see René. I could go to the pharmacy after my session. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-07
Words:   759
Minutes: 29

It''s actually very early. My stomach is again twisted in a knot and I feel the food that I haven't really eaten stuck in my throat. 

I need Catherine, I needed her more than ever, but she's not available. Maybe she left her phone charging, maybe she went to sleep. Would be able to tell her anyway? 

Miguel respected my privacy. He knew since I was in Spain, or maybe even before,and said nothing. Maybe he came to the knowledge just as I did. No. None of them are like me... But he is, that's this whole deal. 

I went to therapy. I talked with Rene about trivial stuff. "What has happened lately?" I mumbled in session. I had nothing in mind to talk about. We ended up focusing mostly on the bureaucratic procedure of changing my name and records in the university. In there I got nervous. He mentioned several times if it was possible for me to do the change before applying. It would be easier, he added, to get in as Sofia instead of changing the record later. 

I felt pressured, by time, by the circumstances. Getting out I walked to the car and there was a person now in front of the speakers outside the oxxo. Another man was with a tray offering samples of milkshakes. 

"Friend", he called me on the microphone as he faced me, " do yo fancy to try this milkshake?"

I could not hear the end of his calling. Was I a female or masculine friend? How did he look at me? I felt hit and insecure. I sensed several sights and walked with shame to my car. "Does he notice me? Does she? Are they going to say something?"

Sometimes this is hell. 

I was home and Luis phone was in the coffee table. I was reading about the university and an article about the discrimination some people feel on campus... 

Someone called, from Mexicali. I told Catherine. I did not want to get the phone. How would I answer? What would I say? I don't feel like doing this now. The phone stopped and then started up once again. I answered with a hello. The caller thought I was my mom. I didn't identify the voice. I feel sick even now. I said she was not around and asked who I was. I ignored the question and took the phone to my grandma. 

The call has finished and she brought the phone back. It was my aunt Cande. She is still here by the door, asking me if I told the dr about hte pills I'm taking. No, they don't affect nothing of that. 

I keep avoiding it. I wanted to come to the computer and typed and I can't. I can't. I thought about it over and over for an hour and now I can't even mention it. 

I read the messages. I opened up his messenger and looked at his conversations. I know it's wrong, I know I did wrong. He hasn't talked with Anaid. I had just warmed a bowl of rice and beans in the microwave because I was hungry. I read how his conversation with her. He used friend and ambiguously ended the word with a @ symbol. I started to worry. He wrote in feminine once or twice. I lost my appetite and started to get sick. He mentioned once he feels depressed, he feels sad and unworthy. I could had left it there, I could had just used it as evidence that there is something with him and just tell my mom to take him to someone. But I didn't stop, I scrolled up and reached an ignored message. He's suffering, he's atheist, he's trans, a girl trapped in a man's body who doesn't believe in nothing and likes nobody. I could read the frustration and misery and hopelessness and recognized them... 

I had seen those signs. I saw them and recognized them before. They scared me and worried me. I went to Rene and told him my fear. I tried to ignore them, I let them go. I came out and told everyone and he said no more. If he felt something he could say it, come to me. Nothing happened until today. How would I had responded had he spoken? 

How can I support them? 

What if they don't believe them? What if they blame me? 

I can deal with this pain and suffering. I don't want them to go through this. Why am I so scared about this? 

 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-08
Words:   879
Minutes: 19

"3 ways you can know if you're falling for with someone" "How can you know if you're trans" 

Yesterday I used all the free time in the night I got for doing the words early to worry about Luis. I thought a thousand things. What could happen, how serious everybody would take him, how serious should I take him? What could my parents say, how would my dad react? 

I cried various times for several different reasons. I was drowning in my head, I was poisoned by the guilt. How could it be my fault? Would anyone attribute it to me? 

The last message I sent Catherine was one asking her if she had fallen asleep. I heard the voices of Miguel and my grandma. He accepted just one of the burritos she made him. Then I heard Luis and everything came back. I doubted him how I never really doubted myself. "But he's so handsome, and seems so happy and fun" 

There was a message from Catherine where she answered my last question from the night. "Yeah, and really early, too" She asked me if I wanted to talk about yesterday. She apologized for not being for me. I told her I did not know. I didn't. Did I want to talk about it? What would I want to say? I spent the whole afternoon of yesterday and almost all night repeating everything to myself. As if saying it so many times would make it less real. 

Less than a percent of the population. 

After a while of staying in bed and failing to get back to sleep, I got up and ate something. I had no appetite and no will to prepare something. I heated the burrito that was left and ate that. I lied on the couch and try to distract myself with Law and Order. Even my free time shows are about sexual deviants. 

As the day passed I learned to be calmer about everything. 

What has to happen will happen. I can't do anything. He'll come to me whenever he's ready. At his age I did not think about any of this. I lived my life as it was. He's young, he might be confused. He's having all this changes of his body and peers and relationships are something new. He doesn't even know if he likes anybody. He doesn't know what he likes. 

And his message lights up like a fire ink on my mind. I'm an atheist, I don't believe in anything. I'm trans, I'm a girl in a man's body, I don't know what I like and I just want a daughter. 

I should had recommended my mom to take him to a psychologist. Look someone up, maybe we could had avoided all of this... 

But there is nothing yet to avoid. I came to know because I snooped where I shouldn't had. I remember the message of my mother ex-student. One of the twins. I thought about him when I came out to everybody. How would he take it? What I know of that person is real? Why does he keep his hair so short? how does he do it? How can he take it? 

My mother, later when we talked about that day, she mentioned him. She cried because of the emotion and after what my grandma said and after reading HIS message in Facebook. He just added me but said nothing. Did he make a comment? I took notice of my mom's mention but thought and did nothing. 

Until today. I thought about her phone and her ipad. I had looked Monica's profile from her Facebook. I could see the conversation, yeah, that's the reason why I'm in this mess in the first place, just like I found Miguel's stash of woman's underwear that other time I snooped around.  I don't seem to learn. So I looked for her ipad in her room. It wasn't there and I went to Luis' for some reason. I grabbed his ipad and tried the password I know. It passed after a moment of uncertainty. A chrome tab appeared, in it there was a picture and text, it was a page of wiki how. How to know if you're falling for someone. It was... fitting. I thought of a coming to age sense of confusion and discovery. There were lots of tabs and I looked at the rest. Two were of the same subject. Other three were how to know if he were trans. Others were lists of baby girl names. 

I told Catherine, but it wasn't like yesterday. He's young, he's twelve. Even if he were totally sure and my parents were totally supportive and he had the total backing of a therapist, he would not start on hormones. She? 

They would start in hormone blockers... if. Until fifteen or sixteen would he start. 

There is no rush. There is no pressure. 

"You confused me as well, when everything came up" Catherine said. 

She came and picked up my grandma's gifts to her mom. 

I told her about Alan's suicide attempt, and when she answered, her voice broke. I asked her naively. "He was your best friend and tried to commit suicide... I thought when my best friend considered it, too" 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-09
Words:   851
Minutes: 32

Tomorrow I'll get the puppy. "She's really anxious to get her new owner". 

In the morning I felt a shivering cold, and the freezing sweat of a feverish nightmare. I got up to the closet and brought down the thick cover. Do I remember my dreams? No, not really. I think I told Catherine a little about them. She and Miguel, her friend, and someone else, were in it with me. We were killing time before going to a party or a meeting or somewhere. 

I got up with a burning ache in my throat. Just an hour ago did I return home. 

"One like I don't notice" was the caption of the new profile picture of Omar Moncayo. The first comment was from Monica, that said she loved him to the moon and back. I rolled my eyes. 

Getting up I was not hungry. I am anxious and worried about Luis' discovery. I had new messages from Catherine and Eusebio or the gang in the conversation, I don't recall. Catherine said she felt itchiness under the tape of the electrodes. She was uncomfortable. "Sofi, I was going to tell you if we do see us after they take the machine from me?" 

What? Don't she want us to meet? That was the plan, we were going to see each other after she returned from the clinic and took half a shower. 

"Do you mean if we see us after as in the afternoon or as in another day?" The minutes passed and she stayed silent. I rememberer my distaste to when she asks me a question and then goes away. Five minutes passed and I sent another message. "Now you don't answer." 

"I don't know..."

20 minutes later she said I made her anxious. She hates cancelling, I know about it. She hates dealing with the permissions. 

We talked about it and came to an agreement. We would see us after her return, her shower would be complete. Her time to be home was 10 o'clock. 

I made myself breakfast. At first I just ate the burrito Miguel left and took my pills. I took out the ingredients from the fridge, some meat, half a tomato, some onion, sauce and two eggs. I prepared the pan and cut the stuff. When the eggs were ready I was no longer hungry. I ate the plate in steps an hour, maybe, later. 

Something happen with her mother and a friend of hers. Her plans changed. She and her mother went together to the clinic. She'd take her to where her father was near the bus station. She'd be home later than planned. There was no problem. I was almost ready. Just some make up and I was done. My hair was done, my clothes were on me. 

I grabbed the ipod and listened the podcast I downloaded yesterday. "Stealth mode, how to be a girl", it was narrated by a mom of a 6 year old transgender girl. She started with a day in the pool, somebody looked under the stall as she was changing her daughter. I was telling about it to Catherine when we were sitting in the pizzeria, bizzo pizzo, in playas. The peeking kid got the girl anxious. The mom talked about the burden of holding a secret like that. 

Catherine almost cried when I got to the part when the mom talks about taking her to a new summer camp. She filled the registration form with her name and age and... gender: male or female? Should she tell them? She put Female. Must they know? Could she trust her daughter to deal with the situation if someone knew? 

"Do you want me to tell one of the teachers about your girl penis?" The kid began to scream No. I could hear the desperation and fear in her voice. The mom calmed her down. 

Catherine's eyes filled with tears. 

We ate a pizza with pepperoni, ham, meat and chorizo both spanish and argentinian. Each of us ordered a craft beer. Mine was Tangerine IPA and hers was a chocolate Stout. 

From there we went to the Dax in the plaza. I bought a little bottle of nail polish and a bigger one of acetone to remove the one already in mines. I drove towards Argana. We were welcomed as ladies and lied on one of our usual places. In Dax, I read the conversation of the gang. We talked about the dresses. Paola said hers don't fit. Jessica doesn't have one yet. Catherine's fit enough so she can't gain any weight. Mine is a little loose so I don't mind. Chevo posted "insert here a joke about me not having a dress either". 

It was... weird. I was one of the girls. Paola posted how he could have one and added an emoji. It was a little uncomfortable. 

In argana we talked about movies and relationships. We smoked and ate. 

We stayed a couple of minutes in the park and continued our chat. Tomorrow we'll go to get the puppy. I am as nervous as I am excited. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-10
Words:   761
Minutes: 49

We're in Mexicali, I'm sitting in my uncle and aunt's couch. We saw the final of the woman's championship of tennis. A Czech and a German. After the match and the victory of the German, the adults went to buy food. 

Luis woke me up in the morning, it was just a couple of minutes after 9. Was I going to go to Mexicali? Was I going to shower? 

I showered and dressed. I'm wearing the denim shorts and the duck tailed blouse. I put my make up and did my hair. This is the first day of the weekend. I grabbed a carton box of Miguel's room and the oldest t-shirt I had in my closet, the brown one of pink Floyd.

We ate pizza and teriyaki with chicken. 

Last night I could not sleep. Was it the excitement of today's trip? We need to buy milk. When I sent the message to Anahi about my puppy, Paola asked me if I had a bowl and a bed ready. 

I was lying in bed with the lights out. I saw the unfinished episode of the anime I had started, Clannad. It's supposed to make everybody cry. I don't need anymore a reason to be sad and crying. I'm a depressed trans young woman, my baby brother is confused about his sexuality, too. It's been difficult to everybody in the family and now I'm the only one who knows about the signs, and now symptoms, of him. 

After finishing the anime episode, there was a recommended video of "a Texan in Tokyo". In it an American woman married with a Japanese man talked about, uh, what was it ablut? The eight most expensive things in Japan. 

Seeing the video, before playing it, I noticed some resemblance to Monica. The woman had a circular white face surrounding her eyes were big and enframed by dirty blond hair. 

At first I just ignored it. Like a shooting thought that you miss in a blink. A while into it, there were some other things that brought black memories. 

The way she laughed, or her high fake voice, or some facial gestures. It was impossible to ignore. Her smile was different, she had big teeth in a full smile, her eyes were blue and warm. 

I liked her husband, too. He had a charismatic familiarity that brought me back to my time in a foreign country. I watched some of their videos, time passed and I closed the tablet by two and a half in the morning. 

In my dreams, I visited Catherine in a hotel room. We were there, I don't remember if we did something. What I do recall is the walking out of the room and meeting the other dirty blonde from my past. She asked me to meet. Weren't you mad with me? Don't you have a boyfriend? 

We ended up in a different room, she took her top off. Did we kiss? Why didn't I leave? She asked me how did we wanted to Fuck. 

"like a wife"

"do you want me to be the wife or treat you as one? "

That should had brought me back to the reason why we don't even talk to each other... What did I expect to happen? I can't even perform in sexual relationship. 

What happened that I left? 

I went to a third different room, and some other things happened. 

In other dreams I tried to escape from this building. The offices were rigged with explosives, opening the door made the bomb blow and kill all the people inside and the one who opened it. The exit had a similar rigg system. There were different lifts and there was a reason it was difficult. 

The third dream I was in a different building, a certain expo of this new artifact that utilizing the brain waves let the user have telekinesis habilities. 

They said how it was difficult at first, but concentrating and with time you could move a thing. 

I put the diadema on my head and moved the first one easily. I learned to move several at the first time. It wasn't automatically or even easy, it was hard, but achievable. 

Lastly, someone took the band from my head but I learned how to do it without the machine. 

We're still here with my uncle. The cat came and lied besides my leg. Edgar came from school. I noticed the awkwardness of greeting. Should I extend my arm? Should we hug? 

In an hour we'll go to get the dog. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-11
Words:   783
Minutes: 19

Nymeria is by my side. She's in the carton box sleeping peacefully over her red daisy flower cushion. I made the words in Mexicali, we were in my uncle and aunts house. I was nervous about being with them, being welcomed. Not that I would not be accepted in their home, but how would they do it? Would there be comments or questions? Would their kids say something or do something? 

Nobody said nothing. Everything went fine. Diego and Aldo greeted me normally and made no face or comment about my clothes or appearance. 

I had forgotten about the hearing ads in Spotify. Yesterday before leaving I unsubscribed from the premium account. Now, three of their ads are playing between songs. 

I feel tired, I left the deed of finishing the words until almost midnight. We were already in my uncle's house, almost leaving to pick up the puppy, and I was still nervous. I would not feel calm until I had her in my arms and sensed her white fine fur. Had she grown? Would she recognize me and be comfortable with me grasp? How would I feel the way home if she cried as I take her away? 

We got there and the person who opened the door for us was my uncle. I passed stealthily and a little anxious. Would he make a comment or a joke? I, even know, can't even imagine what he might think about me. 

My aunt gave me the vaccine booklet with the date of the next appointment. In two weeks she'll be two months and I'll be five on hormones. She also gave me a spray for training her to potty and a bag of cookies and a half-full bag of puppy food. 

She did not cry on the way home. She was sleeping and calm. She stayed in her box and made no sound all the trip. 

In my room I place the carton box in the place I had reserved for her. I place if with the opening facing up. It was an hour after midnight and she was awake. We played a little and she pissed and pooped. I fell asleep an hour later, and another hour after that, the dog started crying but went back to a quiet sleep. In the dawn she cried again and I pulled her out of the box. She peed again. Later I would realize that she cried because she could not get out and had peed inside the box all over the t-shirts. 

Today I picked Catherine from her house and she came with me to buy the things for her. The necklace, the pillow, some toys and the plate for food and water. I bought a mop and a bucket and the training mats. She took a picture of me with the dog on my lap. I know the one she referenced to. Catherine appears as a child with a very young Muñeca in her lap. 

It's weird being around Luis. I can feel his awkwardness and discomfort. I can't not look at his projecting despair. I see my past self in those eyes. And I want to help him just as I wish I could help the young me. 

Even if he's like me. He's ages ahead. At his age, I wouldn't even dare to tell it to anyone, even say it out loud. He's more prepared than I ever was. He's not alone. He has me as a role and a guide. But would that be enough? 

Yesterday, when we were on our way to Mexacali there was a conversation in the gang group's of Facebook. Did everyone have electricity and water home? There was a black out, apparently. It was all around Baja California. I knew about the march defending "family" that would take place all over different states of the country. I did not know Tijuana was going to be one of them. 

It was a weird feeling. Even now I can't take it of. Thousands of people gathered and expressed their discomfort and repulsion towards the laws implemented to help the LGBT group. 

Their basis is religious, some "morale". Even before realizing my own situation, I was against them. Why would they feel that way and ask for the abolishments of other's people's freedom? 

Now, it's different. Now they want to take my rights away. Now they are marching so I can't adopt a kid with Catherine. They're marching so we can't get married. 

Today I read how they marched so I won't be able to change my name and gender marker legally. 

And, I guess until now, I never fully understood the meaning of being a "minority". 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-12
Words:   766
Minutes: 21

"Sofia's is pretty" 

Catherine stopped by Anahi's house after getting her hair cut to leave the reception for her parents' wedding. Anahi just sent us a picture of the dress she wore at her graduation. Her mother liked it and told her she could wear it for this saturday. 

This was Nymeria's second night here. Just now she's in her flower cushion asleep. The internet says puppies usually sleep between 16 and 20 hours. At first I felt inept with her progress being housebroken. If I want her to keep being inside I'll have to successfully train her to hold her bladder and advice her need to go. 

First I have the training mats, but she hasn't been using them. Yesterday and this morning she went on the newspaper besides it. Today I could move her a couple of times to the mat. I took her out twice. 

At night I didn't get up. I waiting until just before sunrise to turn on the lights. She doesn't go and use the mat until I turn on the lights. My grandma was talking with Miguel. Later, after my mother left, I turned on the lights again and fed her for the first time in the day. I get this weird nervousness. As if I'm going to fail her. I have this fear that I'll mess up in some way and it will be her demise. If I can't take care of a puppy, how could I ever take care of some other form of life? 

Are those people in the marches right? 

No. 

It's Monday. The start of the week. Again it was just my grandmother and me. Nymeria does make use of my time. I have a reason for getting up in the morning. I had not forgotten about Fernanda. She was my first patient as a psychologist. She'll be my first patient as Sofia. This is another layer of difficulty to an already complicated occasion. She studied psychology. She is Liliana's patient, maybe she already knows about me. I don't know. 

I was scared and nervous. How could I reach her? What would I charge her? Must I called her? I sent Lilli a text asking her. She'd see her tomorrow. 

I sent her a message. She answered almost immediately. She was just about to call me in the afternoon. Actually, she was driving home, could I wait for her? Of course. 

She called me Sofy, after I answered her doubts. We agreed to meet us after her session tomorrow at 4. The day after I'll see Rene and talk about what I read and the feelings I don't really know if I've repressed or dealt with. 

This started as a diary. No, it was just an exercise to practice my english and redaction skills. Then I used it as another tool to deal with my emotions and fears and thoughts. I started more than a year ago. I've writing almost daily. I went to Chevica's grad and started antidepressants, I started hormones. I told my mother and my family and the world. Lots of things have happened and they've been recorded here. 

It came the use of recording the changes and transition I've been experiencing. 

The tablet just made a sound. Did I receive an e-mail? Maybe it's a Facebook notification or just a new YouTube video. 

What has happened with my body? I took a picture yesterday after Catherine asked me if I was naked. The cleavage shown by my blouse was impressive. I have changed. My face looks different enough. My body looks ambiguous. 

My nails are back to their colorless nature. Maybe by the end of the weekend I'll paint them with the new and more obvious red tone. 

Tomorrow I'll see my first patient, again. The day after I'll see Rene. The Saturday I'll meet Aidee to do my hair and make up, later I'll attend the so mentioned wedding. The week after I'll take Nymi to the vet, her next vaccination. 

Both Catherine and my mother have called me her mom. Am I that? Does it feel right? 

I was maybe four years old when a teacher started this game where we walked in a big circle and made pantomime. We acted as the different things she called. A dog, a police officer, a mom. 

It was, hard. Something clicked and repulsed me. How could I act like a mom? I could be a dad, but not a mom. I was a boy. 

And now, years later, I feel this heartache that I, actually, could never be a mom. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-13
Words:   776
Minutes: 31

I heard her screeches near three in the morning. I turned on the lights, did she have her belled collar? I can hear when she scratches how the little bell jingles. She moved and peed in the mat. I turned the lights off again hoping she returned and went to sleep. The next time I woke was a little after seven. This time she did not return to her bed. I was lying in mine and turned the lights hoping she'd return, but she didn't. I turned them again and stayed with her. Did I take her outside? It was cold. We returned. We stayed playing and doing stuff until she fell asleep a couple of hours later. I took the opportunity and caught some shut eye. 

My grandma got down. She helped me take care of Nym. I really needed and appreciated her helping hand. I don't know how could I would had gotten ready if it wasn't for her. She helped me with training her. The little puppy stayed in my thighs on her back. I scratched her belly and her mouth was open. Her little legs moved almost at the same rythm my hands did. She fell asleep covered in the white piece of t-shirt I lend to her. 

I took some pictures and posted them online, both in snapchat and Facebook. Nym is asleep in her flower bed. I had to scream at her because she's been playing with the mat. After it, she walked shyly to the bed and lied down. Did I scare her? 

It's tiring doing the words. Maybe it's the lack of sleep, maybe it's all the bundled and bottled up emotions that I keep carrying since I discovered about Luis. 

Today was supposed to be my first session as Sofia and tomorrow would be my therapy. I put her today so I could see her before my session. Rene sent me a text message in the evening asking me if he could see me the day after tomorrow in the evening because he'd be out of town tomorrow. Sure, what is a day more. 

I was changed, I wore the burgundy pants and the new blouse I hadn't worn. A long sleeved, gray blouse. I put on my make up and took a picture so Catherine could confirm me that I looked fine. 

The patient knows me. Lili sent me a voice message asking me to "give her a call". I did and she asked me about Fer. No, I went ahead of her. She wanted to asked me about the other patient she wants to give to me. Someone whom she's been seeing for a long time. She comes to her for months or a year and then goes off before returning the next time she's on a crisis. She wanted to ask me, come to me and see if I would be ok with seeing her, treating her. How would I take the idea? 

She had asked me before. She kept referring to this patient as her and she. The last time she told me she was a transgender girl. 
Today, she got to the theme: "she's other, she's changed so much... she, uh, she is a boy inside a girl's body, she's trans". 

So, he is a trans guy. How old is he? Would he be ok with me treating him? 

I agreed and accepted it, she would ask her patient this saturday? She'd call me later. We returned to the patient of today. She had told her, she could be seen "by Catherine or Ivan, now Sofia". She took it as something totally normal. How was I feeling? I told her at first I did feel some nervousness, but later I felt calm. 

She asked me later, how would I feel easier? Did I want to tell her myself or she could talk about it before in their session. I said she could mention it and anything I could clarify later. 

I was all dressed and with Nym outside. I came in to my bedroom to put on make up. Almost to the last minute I ate some burrito. I got in just in time to the office. They were both sitting in the waiting room. 

The session flowed naturally. Time passed like a breeze. I applied both of the tests and we talked a little about her school life. 

Tomorrow I might paint my nails. I will send the picture I saved to Aidee and set the time of our meeting. Tomorrow, Thursday I'll see Rene, Friday is free for now, and Saturday will be the wedding. 

Time do passes really fast. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-14
Words:   839
Minutes: 46

It is tiring having Nymeria here. She's licking my toes and I feel her moistened warm tongue strokes. Just now I changed her beds. 

In the afternoon, while we were outside in the living room, she liked to go into the couch, the place between the two of them where the phone is. The plastic box in which she came was in there with the newspaper. I brought it out and placed it near the couch. She lied in there most of the afternoon. It's hard for her to get into and out of it. It's possible, but she has to try. So I thought it was a better bed for the night than the cushion in which she doesn't even stays. 

Now she's in my thighs liking herself. She's passed to pull the button from the flier of my pajama buttons. Does she know there is something in there? 

Having it here is a way so I can work. I know here she won't go piss and I don't have to be turning and monitoring her. I put her down. She started scratching and growling. Maybe it's her way of asking me to leave. I love her. It's nice having someone who follows me and cries when I'm not here. She needs me and cares for me. 

In the early morning, near 4, I turned on the lights and she took the opportunity to go and do her business. She at least uses the newspaper. When it was time to return to bed and turn the lights off, she didn't want to. I turned them anyway and she wandered for the room. Without its bell I tried to locate her with the faintest sound. I turned it again and noticed her besides my bed. It wasn't until I heard the newspaper shredding with her bit in the dark that I corralled her with the carton. She cried and moaned for half an hour until she fell asleep. In the morning I noticed how she had peed the flower. 

Today would be a lazy day, without Rene's session and nothing to be ready for. 

She's sleeping now. I might take the opportunity and lie down as well after I finish these. Catherine is in Playas, she just sent me a text message moments ago.

I have the test to grade and look about the labor outlets of my patient's choices. There is no report now. 

I painted my nails. It was easier now than the first time. I put two layers on my hands. I took use of the time Nymeria fell asleep in her old new bed. 

I received messages from Lili and Aidee, I had thought about sending the pictures to her. It looked like she read my mind. 

Lili's was an audio, in it she asked me to tell her where was the group's chat. I answered her and send a message so she could see it. She would buy the Wechsler Scale for Children. I thought about applying it, I wouldn't mind. I'd actually like it. But there is a girl who specializes in children. 

Tomorrow I'll see Rene. I have a dog now, it's hard and tiring. It's rewarding, though. I saw my first patient as Sofia. I might see another one, who's trans as well. And, over all else, I read Luis' message and saw his internet search. I noticed his doubts and worries. 

I shared them. They curse me now. I feel awkward with him and I hate this. I feel hypocritical about it. Why do I feel bothered when he, in my place, was so calm. 

Tomorrow I'll talk about it. After that, it's just one day until the wedding. Friday something will happen. I don't know, maybe I will go out with the family, maybe Catherine will ask me to go with her friend and or cousin somewhere. Maybe I'll stay in bed. Who knows. 

And then saturday, the so waited day. I'll see Aidee by one, as she agreed. 500 pesos will be what I'll be paying her. My mother said she wanted to go to the mass. I do, too. I am worried, though. Would the father mention this last march? Or these new laws about the homosexual marriage? Do I want him to say something? Do I look up to being antagonized as if I'd be validating or something? 

I should be expecting the ceremony, seeing Anahi and Chevica and the Paolas and being with my family all dressed up and pretty. 

I am pretty. 

Yesterday was it? When my grandma made mention of what Edgar told her. "There is nothing to say..." "About?" "I saw her, she's beautiful, my niece, my little sister. She looks so pretty, there is no doubt, nothing to say" 

I thought my fingers would look huge and ugly, but I like seeing the color on its tips or looking down to my toes and being surprised by the  colorful of them. 

Let's see if Rene makes a mention of them tomorrow. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-15
Words:   819
Minutes: 28

Nymeria is asleep in her box. I moved it next to my bed. She's peacefully lying besides the little fluffy dog that Luis owned when he was a baby. 

She woke me up again in the dawn. Like a clockwork I turned the lights on by 4 in the morning, she used the light as an excuse to cry. I took her out and before I could think about it, she peed on the floor. I brought her outside and she pooped almost immediately. She's been doing her things outside. She's getting trained. Just once has she pooped inside since yesterday. The urine is harder to anticipate and, for her, to control. 

When we returned she didn't want to stay in the box for much. As I turned the lights back off, she started crying. I let her and turned. She lasted way less than the night before. We didn't get up again until the morning. She did her business outside. It was 8 in the morning, I think. 

Catherine did not go to english. She talked to me late yesternight. She asked me if I was asleep, later if I was angry. 

It was a little frustrating not getting answers from the texts. I understood she was busy. Was those feelings jealousy? Or am I envious of the relationships she has? 

We were in Playas when she was talking about going out with Vania and her lady friends. It would be a friends' night, no couples. I could not go. I am not her boyfriend, but I am her partner. It was weird, not being welcomed. I want to go out, meet her acquaintances. See if they notice me, if they clock me. 

"Did you tell your friend about me?" She just took her to the bus station today. No. They didn't talk. They made no mention of the present. It's alright. 

Today I would shower and go to my session. I could talk about Luis today. I made myself breakfast. My grandma left some chopped tortillas for me in the fridge. While I was distracted, Nym took her last shit inside the house. I ate breakfast and stayed in the couch for a while. Not much later, both Miguel and my grandma came down. 

Miguel did not go to school. He had just one class today, but it was cancelled. When I returned from Rene, my father asked him, no, confirmed if he failed a subject. Yeah, chemistry. The regulation test wasn't what he expected. He will have to take it again. He was not angry, not explicitly. He was disbelieved, surprised, mostly disappointed. 

I took opportunity the first time Nym felt asleep when my grandma put her the dress to go to the bathroom. The second time she was asleep after we took it from her I showered. 

We took it off. It tired her. It was like something took all of her energy away. She didn't move, she stayed mostly in the same place. Not even when outside. It was like the flicking of a switch taking it off. She started jumping and turning and playing again. Maybe it was the heaviness of it, or the warmth and coziness. 

I thought I could put it to her by night so she could use it to bed. Maybe this way she'll stay asleep most of the night. 

I showered and changed. I like seeing my crimson red nails with clothes. They look different when I'm not wearing pajamas and my face look feminine. 

I left home 20 minutes after four. I parked the car where I usually do and walked. The sun was unforgiving, but the shadows were cold and breezy. 

I got to Rene's floor by the elevator. There were some people by the opened door. Two women, one looked like a patient and the other her therapist or something. The one client-looking saw me and kept quiet. When the other one turned to me, I explained I was going to see Rene. She let me in. 

Just as I was seating down Rene called me by the phone and said he was on the Buena Vista ramp stuck in traffic. I waited half an hour for him. I didn't mind really. He apologized profusely when he came in, but, yeah, I did not care. 

I talked about Mexicali and the marches and Luis and being a mother. 

I passed by the pharmacy and bought the pills. The pharmacist referred to me as lady. I drove home and found Nymeria asleep. 

"Was it hard?" I could not hear her. "What did you hear?... I asked you if it was hard for you, to paint your nails" 

My grandma mentioned again what she said in the morning. "I told her that she needs to go to the laser. It looks a little" My mother confirmed it and I felt uncomfortable. 

On its time. On its time. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-16
Words:   955
Minutes: 33

"Why don't you read Ivan's?" 

Sometimes words do hurt. Sometimes they're harder than stones and sharper than daggers. They stab straight to the hearth and poison your insights with doubts and sorrow. 

I woke up again just a couple of minutes past four. I don't know if I woke her up or she woke me. I took her outside and she did her business. We both woke up at 6 and again went outside, this time it was harder to return to sleep. I messaged Catherine and we talked for a while. An hour, maybe, later, I faded away and didn't open my eyes until a quarter to nine. I gave Nym food and exited again. I saw the paper bag from the Carl's jr and thought my father had brought us food. It was the bag from yesterday when they went to get it for us. 

My nails are a dark red. I wore make up. I asked my father what would we do today. He said we'd go to the United States. Miguel was in the bathroom so I stayed with the dog. She fell asleep again and I took that opportunity to shower. I didn't shave my body. I shaved quickly my face. Just one pass, I didn't even lather with the bowl. When I came downstairs the flower cushion was empty. My grandma told me how when Nym woke up and didn't see me, she went straight to her bed. 

I finished getting ready. The hair, the clothes, make up. My clothes were nothing special, jeans and a blouse. The blouse is old, it's the black one from the first couple of times that I bought clothes. I wore the thin cardigan I've carried so many times and wore so little. 

My make up was natural but noticeable. There was no shadow. My lips were a subtle pink and my eyes just colored enough to be noticeable. 

The dog stayed with my grandma. We crossed the border. There wasn't a long wait. It was almost the same amount of time that we stayed waiting in the secondary inspection. If it weren't because the first words of the officer were that he would send us to secondary inspection, I would had thought that it was because of the mismatch between my appearance and the picture in the visa. 

We went to eat breakfast in Denny's. The waitress was nice. It was a mixture of speaking both english and spanish. There was no gendering. Luis is the only one who constantly refers and calls me accordingly. 

The first one was Miguel. I don't remember when. "No, I told Ivan". He said it fast, his words passed like a shooting star. Even now I doubt if I heard him correctly. From the dinner we went to Best Buy. My mom and I stayed in the car. In there she proposed me of seeing one of her workmates. The one who sees her in the role of a mother, the one who was jealous of me being her daughter. 

I told her it was alright. 

From there, we went to target. I bought a wallet. Simpler, more casual than the one I have. I didn't bought any clothes, but I did get underwear. Catherine made the comment of how it was a little creepy that I still use the ones she gave me. I hadn't given it any thought. 

I bought the puppy's shampoo and food. I bought her a collar and a long snake toy.

I accompanied my mom seeing the make up. She helped me pick a foundation. 

Later, just moments before we'd leave. My dad and Luis and me were waiting for both Miguel and my mom. Luis was wandering around the purses area. He looked at the same one, and then the other. He checked the price and opened the zipper. I felt anxious and worried. I wanted him to get away from there. It wasn't because I don't accept it. It's not because I think it's bad. It's that I am scared. I am scared of him following my steps. I am scared of my parents reaction. 

I asked him "will you take it?", pushing him, purposefully make him to get away. He challenged my bluff. He explained how he didn't think the price was worth. He took another one with more pockets and said he would take that one. He was going to tell my dad. 

I ran away. I heard just the traces of the first words he said to him. I did not stay to hear their answer. 

I did not see the purse in the cart. It wasn't relief what soaked me. 

We went to many stores. Plaza bonita, two wal marts, Barnes and Noble. I bought a book light and a zen board. You write or draw with a water brush and the draw stays until the water evaporates. It's a reminder of the fugacity of life. 

In the book store, it was the first big misnaming. My dad called me Ivan, but there was no sorriness or regret in his voice. It was sure and non-caring. Dismissive. 

From there there were countless more mistakes. "Here you were born Ivan... Ivan Sofia" My grandma misgendered both my and my dog. "He follows him." "I'll put this here, son" and so many others. My mother did correct her. Did she notice my face? 

Does she now sees the pain behind my understanding? 

Tomorrow is the wedding, less than 24 hours from now. 

I stepped on Nymeria's shit. I hope it will the first and last time. I don't know how I'll do it with the food. I don't know how I'll do with lots of things. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-17
Words:   800
Minutes: 2

Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding  Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding  Wedding Wedding Wedding Wedding


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-18
Words:   1626
Minutes: 31

 Nymeria is right here by my side. She's confused because I went to get her food but haven't given it to her. Yesterday she only ate twice. Once in the morning and a second time in the late afternoon. We went to the wedding. I almost forgot to write those words. I am exhausted. I don't feel with energy enough to sit and write. I've been here for a couple of minutes now and I've gotten up twice. The first time I went for Nym's food. The second I got soda in my mason jar cup. I never really thought I would be drinking diet coke. When I was little I used to drink coke. It was sugary, sure, but I liked it. The taste of the diet one was weird. Then, when I grew, I stopped drinking soda altogether. Why is it that now I crave it?

Yesterday was the wedding and I didn't write the words. I was already in the church when I remembered that I would not have an opportunity to. I asked for Miguel's phone and cheated. I thought I could do twice of the quota today and I'd be alright. But this evening I wasn't even sure I could finish these. 

I could fill this page up with yesterday's wedding. I went to Paola's, Aidee, house. I left here 20 minutes before 1. The clock just marked the hour when I was in the boulevard approaching the seminary. I heard the arabic song from my phone and saw her name in the screen. She told me she was a little busy and was going to take a shower. I could wait inside her home. It wouldn't take her more than 10 minutes. 

She did my hair. We talked about several things, how was high school for her. Her latest dating encounters or potentials. She even made us wonder when would we ever imagine we both would be there, in her house, doing my hair and make up. How would Monica take it? 

"What would your father say? 'You look pretty, Ivan'" There was no malicious intent in her words. They stung like the bite of a snake. 

My father asked me before leaving the approximate time of my return. I estimated around three, maybe? We finished half an hour before 5. I returned home with a hurry. I asked them to be ready and dressed, and I'd just put on my dress and shoes and we'd leave. 

We got to the ceremony just ten minutes late. It started early but we didn't miss much. I hated the priest and his words. It was weird being inside a church in my dress and make up. My grandmother kept glancing at me. "She looks so pretty"

I was looking at Catherine, two benches in front of us with the hopes of her turning and seeing me. 

After the mass was over, everybody took pictures with the bride and groom. My mother asked me if I wanted a picture. I told her no. 

It wasn't because I didn't want a picture or I did not like how I looked. I was afraid of their reactions after seeing me. How would they react? 

After the church we went straight to the hall. We were some of the first people to arrive. 

When we approach them and congratulate them, Cath's mother called me beautiful. She asked my grandma if she was Sofia's grannie. 

The party at first was difficult. I didn't deal with the burden of wearing a suit but I was still alone. The waiters and photographers referred to me as female. It would be weird if they didn't though. How did my father took that the photographer asked her to be behind the other two ladies? 

Luis sat with me at the second table. The first one to come with us was Anahi. She sat by my other side. Chevo Jessica and Paola were next. Vania came before them but left to say hi to some people. She greeted me and called me Sofia. Were she and Miguel surprised of how feminine I looked? When Miguel left after midnight he said good bye with a kiss. 

Nymeria was here in my room by herself. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't nervous or waiting for a mess. 

The party ended by four. They gave them another two extra hours because of all the setbacks that happen. There were problems with the lights so the party was music-less for the first couple of hours. The dinner came late and was totally different of what they had ordered. 

I felt a little excluded at first. I wished Catherine didn't have to be by other places. I needed her by my side. Anahi started being awkward and silent and Luis, although he tried, was a little uncomfortable with the grown up people. 

After the first half, things started to get better. The music wasn't just the live band. We danced. Luis got up and danced, too. I stood with all the ladies to catch the bouquet and both Chevo and Luis went for the leg thingy. 

Today Catherine told me how I could use a rolled newspaper to get her out of my feet when she'd bite me. The sound is what scares them. I took her advice just now. She squeak and went straight to her bed. Was she sad, scared? Did she want to play and just went straight to sleep? Does she hate me now? 

The room was all clean but for a small spot of urine by the door. There were several marks of wet in the mat and a couple feces. She was clean, she was alright. 

Why do I keep thinking she's going to die? Why am I afraid she'll leave me, too? 

She lies quiet, rolled up over her blanket. 

She woke me up like everyday but at 7 in the morning. I was awaken and already had eaten when my father went for the breakfast. Catherine told me she'd go to the United States and if I wanted to go with her. At first I thought about saying no. I would just spend money. I would spend gas. She offered me a ride. It would be a short evening. She'd just buy pants, and polos and shoes. She was tired. So am I. 

I showered and told my parent separately. 

My mother was showing the video she saw that made her wonder if she was wearing her earphones wrong. It was a video showing how the shure earphones are worn upside down. I explained her, was it friday?, that the earpods from her iphone don't work that way. 

"Ivan told you" said my father. 

No, Ivan is dead. Ivan never existed. Ivan was never real. 

Why do those words sound so stupid to me? 

I am "Ivan", I am their "son". I might be their daughter now, and I may be called Sofia, but legally, officially, I am their son Ivan. 

We crossed the border and waiting in line. Is this the first time that I've waited to cross in these new crossing? I handed my visa card to the female officer. I didn't notice at first, but I gave it backwards to her. She turned it and saw me obviously different to the person in there. My hair is longer and different, my face is narrower and fairer. My eyes look bigger and my chin smaller. 

Doesn't matter how I look, the officers will always see the male person named Ivan. 

I have more information about the process of changing my birth certificate. I saved the picture. It states the procedure of verifying the residence in the capital. 

I, still, have to return to the state and change the records with the new certificate and a voucher that states the procedure from the capital's civil records. 

There is still time left. I still have lots of things to do before that. I have books to finish, patients to attend, formats to fill and applications to send, tests to answer and interviews to attend. Flights to make and waits to endure. Moving, looking for apartments. Lots and lots of things before even worrying about that. 

We crossed and took the bus. The first stop was the Wal mart near Anahi's work and soon Catherine's. We looked for her shoes. I saw some too. At first I took a pair of sandals. Then I saw that the long boots were just 20 dollars. Some short boots were the same price. She tried two pair of shoes and I had five by my side. 

I ended up taking the brown boots and a pair of jeggings. She bought the third pair and a black polo. 

We went to Palomar Street, the Dickies that's besides Ross. When we entered she asked for ladies black trousers, and the saleswoman asked for whom. 

She bought a pair and then we crossed the sidewalk to the McDonalds. She ordered two cheeseburgers  and I a fancy one with guacamole. Hers was 6 dollars, mine was 10. 

From there we went to the trolley and back home. 

I had forgotten to feed Nymeria. When I left, Miguel told me that Luis was in the bathroom, he was showering because he'd be going with me or something. After leaving target, I felt bad for him. I put myself in his shoes and felt rejected and left behind. I keep projecting myself in him. 

Yesterday in his words, I caught a glimpse of his doubts if he loves her or just likes her as a friend. 

Huh, I did finish twice of the quota. At least I have a reason to not feel bad about something.

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-19
Words:   793
Minutes: 29

Half of the test is scored. The scores are all put into the table, just the sums are left. Nymeria is here by my feet. 

"You're fine there, daughter" 

She's alright. The spots on her crotch and back are just irritation cause by the lack of her mother baths. I took her to the bed. Just now she left the room and went to the kitchen. She peed just inches out of the mat. I used the newspaper when she started to bite it. She barked at me with her cute puppy screams. I went for her and brought her her. Will she stay by my side? 

She woke me up twice this night. Once by three in the morning and another by six. I have a notification of Chevo's conversation. He must have sent a meme. 

I like seeing Nymeria play. Move the little giraffe that Cathy gave her with her jaw. 

Last night, there was a storm. When I took her out after midnight, I could see the lightning as we got back inside. 

I dreamt things, but I can't remember. They mustn't had been important. 

Today is Catherine's first day of her first job. She got up in the early morning and went to cross the border. She sent me pictures with the uniform she bought yesterday with me. I got up and ate breakfast. First it was a burrito left behind by my mother and brothers, then I heated the biscuit fro yesterday. I took my pills. Tomorrow is the last day before the estrogen break. The day after I'll be turning 5 months on hormones. My fifth month. I keep seeing the pictures of the wedding. I waited for that day for so long. I wore the long dress I bought with Catherine, I wore my hair styled by Aidee and the face she lend me. 

I'm standing there, as the woman I am. 

Tomorrow I'll see Fernanda again. I tried to finish interpreting her test, but with Nymeria is hard to concentrate. 

I told her I would do research about the job market of her options, but I didn't. Am I a lousy psych? 

I showered and got ready for the vet. I knew today was the day I had to take her to the second vaccine. I didn't really wanted to. What was I afraid of? That they would ask for my name? Talk to me as a man, or a freak? 

I put her in a box after I dressed and drove to where I remember seeing the vet place. There were no issues. I got to the reception and a nurse welcomed me with a smile. She asked me to sign in their sheet while she made faces and caresses to Nymeria. She was still a little sick from the drive. They would call me, so I sat with the carton box on my lap. 

Right now she's sitting besides my feet and licking my heel. I feel her warm fur on the side of my foot. 

I saw a man in scrubs having difficulty reading the handwriting and sensed it was my turn. "Ny...Nymia? Sofia Fernandez?" He called and I stood up. He weighted her and asked me how everything was. I answered his question and made him some of my own. He asked me to hold her while he applied the injection. I felt what I imagined my parents dealt with when I cried before a shot. Her high cry made my hairs stood up and sent a shiver down my spine. 

She's stopped licking and is now resting. 

Tomorrow I'll have my patient and the next day my session. I asked Catherine to go to Argana, the beach. She said yes and we were both excited for a while. I saw her yesterday and I already miss her. I want to hug her and feel her cheek with my lips, and the tip of her fingers sliding by the skin of my neck.

I am a little tired and nervous. How should I close tomorrow? Will it be the last session with Fer? Will Liliana say something about the patient she would send my way? Should I mention the one my mother might send me? What if she denies me seeing her? At first I said I would not give therapy. Although she asked me if I'd dare to give therapy to english speaking patients. 

Jhonny asked me when could we see him. This friday will be his show. Catherine told me she would contact him herself tomorrow after she checks her schedule. 

She had to cancel our plans for wednesday. It's Vania's birthday. It's the dinner at which I am not invited. It hurt a little more because of that.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-20
Words:   783
Minutes: 29

Nymeris is right here by my side. She's so small, like a little rat, indeed. I remember seeing Muñeca as a little dog. Today that I entered Catherine's house and was received by her, she seemed huge, almost enormous. I guess I've grown accustomed to the petite figure of Nymeria's body. 

Today I received a friend request from Alejandra Olachea. She was with us in high school. Us? Who am I referring with us? 

Alejandra's house was the hosting place of the last holiday party. In there Benny talked about me and Monica. In there Omar and Roger slept and Ian threw up and they called his father to pick him up. I went to that party. I had long hair and was thin as a stick. I apper in pictures as a skinny young man with long curls and a melancholic smile. Monica was in that party as well. 

Alejandra got into Psychology as well. Was she in our group in first semester? She wasn't around by the second one. 

I recognized her from the second I saw her name besides the picture. She was the one who told Monica were I was the first day of classes when she visited me in the faculty. "Oh, you're looking for your boyfriend?" 

Later she sent me a text saying "Chulisima, how have you been? Did you finish school?" I didn't know what to answer. Why was I uncomfortable? 

Yesterday I had plans with Catherine of going this wednesday to Argana, later she remembered how it was Vania's birthday. We cancelled. 

Late at night, I received a message from Fernanda cancelling today's session. She is already in collage, she picked Communication. I sent Catherine a text saying my session was cancelled so maybe we could go today, meet up. She agreed. The plan was that she'd shower after getting home and I'd pick her up. We'd drive to the beach and smoke shisha and drink tea hearing the rain outside. 

Nymeria got me up in the breaking dawn and then the early morning. She was asleep by eight and didn't eat until nine. The morning was as lazy as they come. I made myself breakfast. The sound of the rain set this atmosphere of coziness and rest. 

I showered in the early afternoon. Catherine didn't answer back until after 2 when she got out of her job. The rain didn't stop. I was already changed. I wore the red leggings and new boots with the long blouse. As she told me she was on her way home I put on my make up. I felt pretty. Even in the morning as I got out of bed, I saw my reflection and smiled. I can see the differences that mark the time between my beginning of treatment and now. My shoulders are narrower and my arms thinner. My breasts are fuller and my skin paler. My face looks warm and delicate. I can see emotion in my eyes. 

It was a gut punch when Catherine sent me an audio asking me if here the rain never stopped. There was lots of traffic and her way home seemed infinite. Maybe it wasn't a good idea going out today. The way to the beach is long, the freeway always gets inundated when it rains. Lately I've become more affected by driving. 

I could see myself all dressed and made up lying in the couch. I'd be staying here, home, again. I felt little droplets of water forming in the corner of my eye. 

I didn't give up and proposed her to go somewhere else. It was a good idea to cancel the trip to the beach, but maybe somewhere closer? We could go to eat something or maybe the movies. I wanted to see her, I wanted to be seen. 

She told me finally if I wanted to watch a movie in her house. Her house is now almost empty, just a friend of her mother. I agreed. We could eat there. Anyway, I prepared myself a burrito of meat with potatoes of yesterday and went. 

Her mother introduced me as a little friend of Catherine. "Sofia" I introduced myself. Her friend prepared chicken a la poblana. 

It was the meal they were supposed to serve in the wedding. I saw them as they cut the chiles and onions. I saw the chicken before being shredded. When they asked for the sour cream and the cheese I knew the dinner would be a little awkward. 

We watched Lilo & Stitch. When I got home, neither my mom nor her dad had arrived. 

Rene confirmed our session of tomorrow by 1. 

Do I have something to talk about? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-21
Words:   771
Minutes: 20

"Are you angry with me?" 

Is this anger what I am feeling? I was irritated, I was angry with Nymeria when she kept peeing and pooping everywhere in the house, when I called for her and she ignored me. I felt anger when I was at the crossing border and the policeman went to the parked cars and left the lights in manual mode. I was disappointed when I had to tell jhonny that I wouldn't be going to his show. 

He was really understanding, he told me not to worry. He said he loves me and maybe we could go out later. 

Why didn't I want to talk with Catherine when I answered her back that I felt awful? 

In session I spoke about the latest occurrences. I talked about going yesterday to Catherine's and the wedding last saturday and going both times to the United States. Being with Catherine and being with my family. The time that Luis asked for a purse and when my dad addressed to me in a forgotten name. 

Today is the day of rest. Could it be that? Just five times have I rested from the pills. Or is it four? 

I have been five months on them. My face looks a bit feminine even without make up. 

Nymeria is by my feet. Just moments ago she saw me cry for the first time? Does she understand what happened? Dogs can detect when people are happy and angry. Does she recognize sadness? 

I had her here on my lap when I started the words. She growled for some reason and I put her down. In the evening after returning from Rene I sat with my legs crossed on the floor and she climbed my legs to lie on my thighs. Her head rested and her eyes closed. Her tongue is warm. She rests now, with her head on the other leg. 

Does she love me? She recognizes me. Her behaviour changes when I am around. Does she like me? 

In half an hour I'll feed her again. Is that why she's grown accustomed to me? Is her love conditional? Isn't anyone's? 

I feel this huge gray mist of sorrow over my body. It's heavy and cloudy. I can't see, I can't hear, every move cost me tons of energy. I want to lie down and just cry. I did for a fraction of the day. What is that I think about? 

Catherine cancelled friday's plans. It's not her fault. It will be her great aunt's funeral. Her shifts are open-ended. She doesn't know when can they end. 

"Do we meet him tomorrow?" She asked me about jhonny. "Don't ask me, just tell me. I am the one who doesn't have a life" 

Is that how I feel? Yesterday I had no patient. I have no other one next. I have no job. My outs are with Catherine and that's it. I am shut in this home. Everyone, every single person of the group has a job. Anahi has had hers from years. Chevo and Jessica got theirs even before finishing school. Paola has had many to support both her and her child. Paola found one. And Catherine now talks about going to work and being tired and her shifts. She posted the image of her cap on the group and everyone congratulated her. 

I wanted her to have the job. Why do I feel this way? What is it, is it envy? 

I could apply to jobs, look for one. 

But I don't. I don't send resumes nor search for openings. I haven't even redacted a curriculum. I am scared. I am afraid of filling it. I don't want to face the doubt of picking a name to put on top. 

With what face will I face the potential employer, with what name will I introduce myself, with which voice? 

I've been rejected and ignored when there was no sign of being trans on my resume. What can I expect from now?

Nymeri has fallen asleep. She scratched my leg and upped her eyes. I picked her up waiting for her to throw a bite. She just accommodated herself and let her conscious go. 

Just fifteen minutes until I wake her up and give her food. 

Catherine answered my denial of anger saying Vania is. She did not go to her meeting. It's her birthday. She got sick, she has the flu. She got soaked yesterday and had the premonition about getting sick. 

None of us had continued the conversation. Anahi didn't reply about her proposal of going to Las Vegas on New Year's. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-22
Words:   780
Minutes: 28

I feel different. The cloud seems familiar, but there is something peculiar, odd. It's not like I'm used to. 

I remember this feeling of just wanting to shut off. Lie down and plug out. Ask for a free time, a pause of life. I'm exhausted and embarrassed because I've done absolutely nothing. 

Catherine is right, I did avoid her. All of yesterday I did not talk to her. She did talk to me, she told me how she had the flu and did not went to Vania's reuning. Today was mostly silence. The day started abruptly. Is there a reason why I mostly don't remember my dreams? 

Nymeria didn't wake me for most of the night. I was the one who turned the lights and it was already morning. It was the biggest spot of pee she has ever done. I have her again on my legs. After getting up at eight, we went to the living room. I didn't have the energy nor the motivation to make myself breakfast. I stayed in the couch and she lied on her flower bed. She was calm and sleepy. My grandma stepped down an hour later and prepared something. 

That was the high of my day. I did not talk with Catherine nor anyone. She asked me last night if I was asleep, but she didn't answer. I returned the question and she replied at dawn. Nymeria has fallen asleep again. Does she like being with me? I love having her like this. 

For a time I had her over my legs on the couch as well. I even took a picture and posted it on Facebook. It has like 30 likes now. Even Yadira liked it. Yadira does know about me. Should I send Zayra the email? Why? 

Yesterday my emotional concern was my lack of life, my void in actual goals or purpose of life. It seems like I'm in a limbo, stuck in a stand-by mode until the next year.  We are almost ending September. Three months and it's gone. In two months the application process will be open. It's not that much. 

Gilda posted something in the group. She has a potential patient who is in a grieving process. I could treat her, I could attend her. Why didn't I replied? Iris is the one whose job is to give therapy. 

Nymeria almost fell down. She slipped her paw and fell from the chair, did she grasped the carton barricade that I placed in front of the desk's leg opening or was I the one who caught her on time. She was alert for a while, but she let herself down again. How does she trust me? Not even I trust myself. 

There was a posting in the faculty group. Yolanda's still looking for an assistant. Someone to watch her reception and tell her when a patient arrives. I wouldn't even be answering phones, she does that herself. I saw it, and remember months ago how I said to myself that the next time she post it, I would call. I don't feel like it. It's not even a full day that I wanted something to do and now that the opportunity arose I don't have the courage to call. I don't know, no... I do know how. I just don't dare to call and introduce myself. Which voice is my own? Which one is my name? Yolanda, kind of, knows about me. It's more probable of being welcomed by her than a stranger. 

I am afraid. I don't know what to do. I know what but not how. I know how but just don't have the courage to do it. 

And so I waited on the couch, hating myself. I feel the same urges to cry and the self-pity, and I look for the same kind of articles that call for the known commenters who feel the need of stating their opinion about people like me. 

I showered Nymeria. I saw her all wet and vulnerable and tiny. She trembled covered in the towel my mother used to cover me as a baby. I held her tiny body in my arms and dried her delicately. 

I did my laundry. I got her outside again so she gets used again to doing her stuff outside. 

Catherine had a job meeting this afternoon. The conversations in the groups flowed, but ours were stale. There was a silence between us that was broken with a snap from Anahi's account. Will we talk again tonight? 

Do I want to talk? Will it help? 

I feel like I've made myself this question thousands of time before. Why can't I remember its answer? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-23
Words:   775
Minutes: 35

I had another opportunity to call Yolanda and ask about the position. This morning I could sleep more than usual. Nymeria didn't wake up until 5 in the morning. Once again at 8, when it was time for her to eat. This time it was different. After her meal and me putting her on the mat, I brought her again to her box and both of us returned to sleep. 

She's by my feet now, licking my heel. I should feed her again. It's time. Have I been writing my words earlier? 

Again Catherine and I didn't talk until after her shift was over. I don't remember much about the morning. I ate one burrito that was left by somebody as breakfast. I lied mostly in the couch, with nymeria either by my side or over my legs. 

I have a strange aching in my lower back. Even reaching a fourth of today's quota is hard. The rain has stopped. The clouds have dissipated. Days are bright again but my mood is still shitty. Not as shitty as before. Did I take my hormones? 

Yeah. I had to check. 

Tomorrow is the last day of resting. Five months. 

My mother hasn't arrived. Luis told me yesterday he had a party. I would not see him until after 10 in the evening. 

I read it about in his messages. This time it was from his ipod. I should not snoop. It's wrong. It's not my right. My worry is not an excuse nor a reason. In there I could see it's not over. He referred to himself in feminine and talked about the return of "Leslie" (?). It was a female name starting with L. More than 60% of gender non-conforming kids get over their gender dysphoria by puberty. He is starting his. Does it mean it will be over? 

Paola S sent a message saying it was really short-notice. But their friends organized her a gathering in a house near the cacho area. We were invited. It's the first time she invites me, and the gang, I guess, to her birthday party. I read the message and thought how I did want to go. I don't care that there will be strangers. Even the idea of people realizing I'm trans or hearing my non-convincing voice does not dissuade me. The thing that made me unsure was that I don't really know if Chevo and Jessica will go, Catherine and Anahi both work and Anahi is not even in  the chat group. So, would I be alone? Being all by myself and surrounded by strangers is another whole  thing. 

By that time Catherine answered back. She wasn't sure either. Paola A sent another message to the group of the four of us, asking if we wanted to go to a pre-coup. 

I'll take the dog outside in case she wants to shit.

She didn't. She just peed a little. 

Catherine said she preferred the idea of going with Paola. I don't know what I could wear. Maybe not a dress. Something more casual. 

And Nymeria just peed, again, in the mat. Or is she just sitting? 

Today she climbed the stairs to the second floor. When I called her to come to the mat in the living room, she would bark and then lie down. 

I put the dress on her and she's lying on the mat again, crying . I put her on my legs. Do I do it for her or for me? 

Catherine answered my texts about how I feel shitty about the thing with Yolanda. She knows or imagines how I feel. It's frustrating knowing my name is not the one on all my documents. How the person who I am legally has almost nothing to do with the one I am on the inside and outside. 

Catherine sent me a picture that I had seen before: 

Someone graduated at 22 and got a job at 27; another one graduated at 27 and already had a job. There is somebody who is still single and has a child. Some, married, had to wait 10 years until being parents. There are who have a partner and love another, and there are who are lovers but nothing else, and others who are still looking for love. All works according to our personal clock. People can only live by their own rhythm. It might look like your friends are ahead of you, or behind; but they are in their moment and you in yours. Live with patience, be strong and believe in yourself. It's not late, you are not early. You are on your time.  

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-24
Words:   879
Minutes: 28

The 100th day came without notice. I didn't realize until today that I turned on the computer and saw the number. Was the last longest streak almost 200 or 300? 

Today Nymeria woke me up again but nor as early as before. I turned on the lights and saw that it was 5 in the morning. I decided against taking her outside and instead guided her to the training mat. Both of us returned to sleep and and get up until eight in the morning, time to feed her. After her meal I convinced to, again, come back to sleep. I heard my grandma chat with Miguel. He was going somewhere today. A course or conference or something like that. 

I woke up by 10. Yesterday was the plan of going to Paola S meeting. Paola a invited us to a gathering before. At the final moment it was cancelled because her parents wouldn't be able to babysit her son. Catherine would be returning by the beginning of the actual party, so we decided to see us Sunday I instead. Another cancelled plans. 

It was a suckerpunch to resize when I got out of my room that my father and Luis had gone to the United States. They usually wake me up and ask me if I want to go, if I'll shower. This time I asked my mom and she told me. Was it on purpose? Did my father preferred to avoid the awkwardness and possibility of being questioned about my appearance and situation? 

I was left behind. Another day without a reason to get out of the house. I felt lonelier than ever. 

Paola asked us to confirm and I had to cancel, again, just like I did with jhonny's show. Chevo and Jessica were going and I considered changing my mind. No, I felt awful. All day I've been meaning to cry and just wanting g to hide under the sheets and let the days pass. 

My mother said my father was coming and he'd be bringing tacos from the taco bell. He doesn't know how to order for me. He always take the chance about  mocking how he ways has to change the order of my food. I hate not being able to eat cheese. I hate not being as normal as he wishes. 

I denied the breakfast my grandmother prepared. I went to shower thinking that I hadn't since Wednesday. Did I cry in the shower? It was yesterday that I fell to the floor in sorry a bawled my eyes while Nymeria sniffed the backyard. 

Today it was in my bed. I didn't care about Catherine's and the experts advice and brought Nymeria to my bed while I was overflowed with emotion. At first she stayed calm between my arm and body. Then she started nibbling the skin of my hand and forearm. Lastly, when she bit my nipped I took her down. 

I slept in the afternoon for like an hour. Catherine had ready returned. She sent me an audio. 

"I'm worried about you, Sofi. I don't know how to help you, what to say. And the things surrounding you don't seem to help you either."

Yesterday I looked a video of The School of Life. It was called her with to help the ones we love. It talked about the frustration of jot knowing what to do to ease the pain of our partners. We approach them with the estrategy of what would help us, a d when it's fruitless, we end up feeling resented and frustrated. It talked about the different possible approaches. To some it's a listening ear what they need. Others prefer practical solutions or ideas. To some it's a reassuring optimism and "everything will be right" that helps them. To others, it's a pessimistic understanding that is taken as companionship in their situation. 

What is it that I need? What would help me? What am I expecting of her? 

I understand, kind of, what is it that bothers me. My dad called me Ivan three times to get my attention and give me the money of the week. I didn't dare to say anything or correct him. I took his money and left with the feeling that he gave it to me as compensation of his denial. A bribe or conditioned help that would stop the moment I break the bubble. 

I feel trapped home, isolated. I feel trapped in my own unability to make the call or redact the new curriculum. How can I introduce myself as Sofia when it's not really true? It is not official yet. And again, I am trapped in time. Until I get out of here I can't do anything to escape my life as Ivan. 

Today came a man giving the yellow section, the phone book. He asked for my name and I gave it to him. I introduced myself as Sofia Fernández without hesitation, without caring that I had no make up or my hair tied up or I was wearing man's pajama bottoms. 

I said it as if it were true, official. Late tonight I finished the registration of the emergency app. 

Will I surpass this self entrapment that I reside in now? 

Is hope a bad idea? 



------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-25
Words:   859
Minutes: 28

I really am trying not to cry. I am doing my best. 

Why does it seem like everything got in motion exactly with the intention to make me feel shitty. She asked me yesterday if I wanted to go out. We could had gone out yesterday and I could had seen her, and I wouldn't be crying right now. I hate she has not signal or way of communicating with me. Just yesterday I told her that it was legal for her to have an open-ended shift. She doesn't know if she'll work four or the complete hours. 

Yesterday she asked me... 

I am going for the roll of paper. I can't contain the tears. I feel so miserable and weak. I feel like an idiot. I am so alone. 

I said that I preferred seeing her today, that I could see her more. We could use the time. Nymeria keeps coming out of her box and biting the linning of my bed. I put her in there again. The first time it was just grabbing her and putting her down. The second time it was with force. The third I wanted to throw her. 

I feel anger. I am angry but it's not at her. She might be desperate right now, thinking about me. 

Why did I just throw away my phone? Why do I feel this way? 

It's just another day that I'll be in the house. Another plans that got cancelled. It's four o'clock. She might come by 5 or 6 and we might go out anyway. Would I go? I haven't eaten and I don't want to. I think about telling her no. Wallow in my own misery, go to bed and change into pajamas and just cry my eyes out until I don't feel no more. 

It's been almost since hours until the start of her shift. Two more hours and she will absolutely be out. They won't put her on overtime. But what if she's too tired? What if she has to return early? Why do I still feel like such an idiot? There's no way I could had known. Maybe it's best to postpone it until tomorrow. See her all day. Maybe she doesn't want to. 

I feel like tuesday, when it was raining. We were supposed to go out and, as today, I showered and got ready. She returned from the United States and we talked about where would we meet or how could we do it. But it was out of our hands. The weather was horrible, the rain didn't stop, everything was filled with traffic. We would be returning late and it'd be dangerous. 

And I felt something like this, a pain similar to the one that envelops me right now. I was all dressed up and ready. I wanted to go out, to get out of the house, feel like I do something, I have a life. And it was cancelled. I begged her, I proposed other ideas, maybe other places, somewhere closer. Please, anything. 

She answered back and told me we could see a movie by her house. I took it like a homeless person accepts a roll of stale bread. Then, the next day I went to therapy, and since then I've been living in my own personal hell. I am trapped in this house. My father keeps calling me Ivan. I am drowning in here, I have no job, no goals, nothing. I have friends but I can't talk to them. I don't know how to approach them, what to say. 

I saw yesterday's messages. She got out early and told me how she didn't had any signal and was waiting for the bus. It was three in the evening. Five hours after her in time. 

I saw them and sent her some messages thinking she would answer them at any time. When I showered and changed, purposefully I didn't apply any make up. I put it on by three, thinking she could get out at any moment and I wanted to be ready, not lose any time. 

I asked Anahi if she knew if Catherine was out already. The cellphone vibrated several times continuously. I, foolishly, thought how it might be a coincidence and Catherine just finally got signal. I was wrong. Anahi told me she got out by 1 in the afternoon and Catherine was still there. It was really busy because lots of people skipped. She didn't know if they'd make her work her full shift. In three minutes it's going to be 6 hours since she got in. 

I don't know what I'm feeling. I am sad and angry and frustrated. I want to throw things and scream and keep crying. I don't know if I should finish cleaning up the make up that survived my tears or changed resignated into other clothes. 

I think about sending her another text message, one telling her to contact me as soon as she cans, as if it would help in anyway to get out. 

She does love me. She probably feels awful right now. She doesn't need my help to share this pain. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-26
Words:   798
Minutes: 42

I am home. Today I did go out. Catherine picked me up by 2, just like she said yesterday after coming from her job.

She send me a message after 5, closer to 6. In it she told me she was in San Ysidro but her phone was running out of battery, we would talk when she got home.

I sent her an audio later when I told her that I was going to ask her to come home, even if it were for a couple of minutes, just to see her, to hug her. I wanted to cry on her shoulder.The second one was for me to realize that she would not hear them until getting home, so not to bother to come. I understood. 

When she got home, she said she felt she wanted to explode, she felt awful. She screamed to her mother when she asked about her time of arriving. She felt like crying. I said I had been crying all afternoon. 

When she got home I decided to clean my face and then to change clothes. She told me her schedule for the next week. She'll work tuesday and Thursday. She wanted to make plans. I wanted to see her, but I was afraid of planning something to be cancelled. 

Would I want to go somewhere? I wanted to be swallowed by my bed. 

She change her mind and just told me. Tomorrow I'll be going to get my results, be ready and I'll pick you up by 2. 

I wish I could be that direct and asertive. I can't, I wouldn't be able because she has plans and things to do. I don't. 

And so I got up today in the morning. Nymeria is waking up later each day. This time she did not made a sound all night and just woke me up by 5. 

I ate breakfast. My grandmother did two burritos for me and was preparing her own meal. She used the already heated pan to reheat them. We ate together. Nymeria had just eaten hers.

In the morning I did nothing. Catherine told me to start getting ready by noon. And so I did. 

I showered and shaved both my legs and chest. I shaved again my face but just one pass. I did my hair and applied make up. Catherine told me not to wear pants but a dress. The white one would be perfect. She came and picked me up. Just in time after I gave Nymeria her food. We were playing in the living room with my grandma. 

First we went to the building next to Rene's. There she picked up the results of her halter test. It was less than five minutes. We did more walking and getting to the floor than what we spent inside. Returning to the parking lot, we entered the AT&T place where she asked for info to change from Movistar. 

I maybe will consider changing companies, too. It's 200 pesos each month, but I would have internet both here and in the United States. 

From there we considered our options of what to do. We could eat teriyaki or ramen. There was both Plaza Rio and Playas. At first we decided to go to the teriyaki from playas where they serve us Miso soup and from there going to Argana. 

When we parked in front of the place, she notices first how it was closed. What other options did we have? We could go to the sushi place in the harbor or there was a giuseppis close, too. She parked somewhere near the beach and we walked towards the other japanese place. Getting down the stairs a man told us to be careful because of the wind. Both of us were holding the skirts of our dresses. I turned and just smiled acknowledging him. Catherine hit my hand as a signal to not do that. 

We got in thinking about ordering teriyaki. The last time we went was last year  and I was wearing a dress as well. I ordered two pieces of sushimi, white raw fish over rice and a roll of tuna and salmon. Catherine ordered a yakimeshi and her soup. From there we walked in the beach. This was the first time that I stepped into the sea wearing a dress. The feeling was new and bizarre. 

She took some pictures. 

Before Argana we stopped by WalMart where she bought the mason jar with the S for me. 

Argana was so hot that we change tables and sat outside. There was two women beside us and a group of three teenagers by the wall. She took me home. Nymeria is seated on my lap again. She was asleep most of the time that I wrote this. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-27
Words:   788
Minutes: 42

Nymeria is on my legs and standing on her back legs trying to reach the desk. I decided to put her down. 

The same woman who appeared on the trans segment of the daily show with Trevor Noah is the protagonist of Her Story. 

She's a waitress who's approached by a lesbian journalist doing a story on trans people. The short series is about 6 episodes no longer than 12 minutes. The first ones are close to seven and the last one is the longest. 

Why did I choose to watch it? Where did I read about it? I had known before. It's not something new. I think it was yesterday in an article titled the series about trans people besides Transparent. I've never really been interested in watching that one. A trans woman of older age, parent of several grown children. Why does that make me uncomfortable? Was that my fear, growing old and realizing my whole life passed and spoiled. 

I am not a young transitioner. I started hormone treatment in my twenties. I turned 23 the day I called to make the appointment of the endocrinologist. In my 21st birthday I wrote for the first time in the journal I was not a man. The feelings were not new in any sense, but it was the first time that I acknowledge them in any way. 

David added me on Facebook, but he never really talked to me since my out post. He greeted me and started saying that he had a consultation. 

He knows a 6 year old girl who was assigned male at birth. Her parents are taking it well according to him, but he wanted to check with me. 

I am an expert. I might had not taken a master or specialty but I am confident I know about this more than some sexologists. I've been through this. I know about HRT and hormone blockers and the theories, but current and outdated. I studied psychology, I know how to do clinic interviews and psychotherapy and evaluations. 

Why do I doubt myself? 

Her parents are supporting, she goes to a private and including school. Her mother deals with the anxiety of telling her grandparents. 

I answered his questions and gave him my opinion. I concluded telling him how I did not know the reference of an expert in the field but he could give them my contact if the wanted any kind of orientation or consult. He thanked me and said he gave it to them so they could fill me with their questions. 

I think about how could it be, seeing them and answering their questions, seeing the girl and talking to her. They haven't even contacted me, possibly the won't and I still can't help but feel like an expert. 

I am not ashamed of they knowing me, seeing me, of sharing my history and experience. 

When I told Catherine my doubts about the difference with helping a stranger and my own sibling, she said it was obvious because of the closeness of the lather. And yet it doesn't really ease the tension of the thought. 

Catherine worked today. Nymeria woke me and I fed her a little earlier than usual. I tried getting back to bed but I did not sleep much. 

In the day I took my book with the intention of reading another chapter, finishing it and passing to a more formal and useful one. I didn't even open it. 

Tomorrow I'll see Rene. I have things to talk about. I felt sad and miserable this past week. I did not call Yolanda nor updated my resume. I felt trapped in my home and in my situation, the frustration and impotence are like a pool full of water that barely covers my head and my feet are tied to lead. I am heavy and can't jump. I can see the surface, I know it's close, just a jump ahead but still unreachable. There is no way to swim nor float. Time is running out and I'm drowning. 

Catherine changed company of mobile. Tomorrow she might come home and play with Nymeria for a while. I want her here, close, with me. I want her to hug me and caress me and care for me just like I care for Nymi. 

Penelope just started in Spotify. A couple of days ago Chevo posted in Facebook "And her little eyes full of yesterday" I recognized the lyrics and wondered if Monica would too. I commented how that song makes me cry. 

"Somebody ruined it for me" I thought about writing. 

Did she? I feel melancholy when I hear it, but isn't that the point? 

Who would be Penelope? I or she? 


------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-28
Words:   760
Minutes: 34

Monica Gonzalez's 23rd birthday, Tomorrow

Why does my machine think I care about the date? I deleted her from my phone and everywhere, or so I thought. I did think about yesterday. Had it passed? Yesteryear I wondered about congratulating her or something. 

"Thanks", was her answer. This time there is no doubt about what I'll do. I'll just try to forget about it. 

I am trapped. I am trapped in a history, and in this house and in a foreign name. I've always hated the narrative of a woman trapped in a man's body. I reject it . And yet being caged is my whole penance now. 

I had read how a person commented how the procedure of changing the name and gender marker was exclusive for the people who were born in the capital. For a moment I was scared, petrified. What if it were true? I would never be able to get out, because of something totally out of my control. 

Later another one posted how it wasn't true. You don't have to be born there, but you do need to have a way of prove your residence. 

Today was a kick in the gut. Wednesdays are the days which I am sure of going out. I know for a fact that I'll get out of the house and I'll see the world and walk its streets and have a place to be and someone to see. This week I needed therapy, I needed to talk. 

Moments before I would get up from the couch to get ready my grandma mentioned how there was no water. Nobody said anything, there was no mention of it on the news nor the internet. We were not prepared, there wasn't even water in the gallons. I had no way of getting ready. My hair was a mess, how could I put make up on my face? How could I get out of the house without shaving? 

I decided to cancel the appointment. Even knowing that Rene might charge me for the missed session, I decided to. 

Catherine and I had the plan of meeting today. She'd come home and play a while with Nymeria. Was it cancelled? We said nothing about it. Catherine would go out to meet Jessica so she could borrow her a book of psychology for a class of her brother. I returned to bed with tears in my eyes and disappointment deep in my hearth. I slept for no more than an hour. When I got up, 30 minutes before the time of my appointment, I realized the water had returned. 

Should I shower? Maybe Catherine could come, anyway. She'd be out of her house. I wanted, needed her. I told her. 

I climbed the stairs to the bathroom, and Nymeria, being left alone, followed me the whole flight. I took a picture of her on my lap and climbing my chest. "Come visit us, don't say no to this cutie... I need you" 

She told me how she hadn't said anything home. She wanted to stay, she hadn't said anything about this saturday nor monday either. 
I could go to her house, though. I told her no. Why did I? I was upset, annoyed and angered. I have nowhere to go and nobody to see. I feel lonelier than ever. I had to cancel, again, another plan. My therapy session, somewhere where I could talk about all of the reasons that keep me in bed and in tears. And she threw it to my face. She didn't want to go because she had other plans later. She has to go this weekend for her paycheck of her job and monday, when she'll go to a theme park. 

I slept most of the day. We talked about it in the evening. I said how I felt and she apologized. I cancelled, too, the plans for saturday. I don't have many dollars and I need the money. She invited me this Friday to go out for breakfast. I didn't know. It'd be cheap, I could be out and seen. She said she'd go out in the night and I told her no. 

Nymeria woke in a scream. I turned to see and she started shaking and trembling. I brought her to my lap. I care for her, I love her. I'm caressing her trying to calm her. "What is it, Nymi? It's ok, it was a dream. It's ok, darling. It's ok" 

I am not alone. I have her. That's the reason I wanted her, didn't I? 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-29
Words:   795
Minutes: 22

Catherine is on her way home. Tomorrow she'll work as well. She read her schedule wrong. She's in by 8 so her out time would be somewhere around one or two. She asked me to accompany her home tomorrow and stay to watch movies or something. She wants to cry. She completed a full shift of 8 hours today. 

Last night I told her how I felt. I was upset but there was a deep sadness buried in my chest. "Sofia... I love you", she sent me before falling asleep. "I love you very much, too". A couple of minutes I sent her another text: "I am in so much pain". 

"Sofi, do I make you feel alone?" she replied back in the early morning before I was woken up by the cries of Nymeria. It's not her, not really, but I do feel lonelier than ever. It's being here, and having nothing to do but wait. Just a day before the start of October. I did not even started drafting the story to send to the contests of sexuality tales. I've written a quarter of a thousand pages daily for months but I haven't started a project that supposedly I feel passionate about. 

Tomorrow is the last day of September, a day before the third to last month of the year, a month before the start of the application process. I am not sure still about which master program to apply. Today is my ex's birthday. It does have its benefits not having her on Facebook. I won't stumble on our friends' congratulations nor will I give a thought about the number of people compared to mine, nor will I try to suppress any thoughts crossing my mind after reading the nauseous messages of her partner. 

Yesterday I shared my thoughts of my mother having her still on her friend list and the possibility of her being one of the people who would send a message. 

"Besides them being friends, how do you feel about it? That tomorrow is her birthday?" 

I told her how it was different to last year in the sense that there is no doubt or worry about what to do or not to do. This time it's obvious. I feel anger and resentment still. I don't know really why or how to stop. 

I read something about holding a grudge. It's a way that I keep her in my mind and thoughts when she has moved on. I'll never be free if I don't let her go and forgive her. In her mind I'm the one who does not deserve forgiveness. Does it mean that I'm in her mind and thoughts as well? 

Has she received the box? Did she throw the stuff I gave her? What of those would I care to get back? I remembered in the wedding about the Seville handcrafted fan. She never gave me the francs. Does she keep the fridge magnets? 

I did love her. 

For the first time I can really write without any doubt that I don't anymore. 

It's not like I lied to Catherine when I told her that I would never return to Monica's side, or that I didn't want to. 

I think of her and remember our memories and recall the video I made and I just feel nothing. I am happy with Catherine. I cherish our memories, even now that I was upset just yesterday with her, I think back to when I juggled the decision of whom I wanted to be with. 

I picked Catherine. I almost lost her. She was close to cut her ties with me, stop looking for me, to let me go, when I reached out and we reconnected. I, honestly, don't know where would I be today without her. 

In the bathroom I remembered about a skype conversation with Monica before her October's departure. She was already in her relationship. She started to change clothes and undressed herself in front of the camera. Was it her blouse or pants? I saw her underwear and was not excited. I felt uncomfortable. "Don't you have a boyfriend?... Do you expect me to go there?... I won't..." 

She put her clothes on and made no comment. Had she any intention? Why do I think about it? Would it change anything? Just as she could not think of me in the last months, she might struggle with the idea of liking me. But it changes absolutely nothing. 

I answered Jessica's message asking for the textbooks. I invited her home and she accepted. I showered but stayed in pajamas. She came and I let her in. She knows where I live. She's seen my house. 

Catherine will be home soon. Nymeria is asleep between my feet. 

------ ENTRY ------
Date:    2016-09-30
Words:   794
Minutes: 29

I have a headache and not much intentions of writing and finishing the words. Nymeria is biting the lining of my boxspring under the bed. I cam home and cleaned the shit and urine outside of the mat. I fed her and she almost shat again on the same place. Nymeria now is quiet after barking at me because I didn't let her bite anymore. 

Catherine is on the other window, in the chat of whatsapp. 

I dreamed today with Monica. She was in a car with me. I don't remember the reason why but she was looking at my breasts, as if she were measuring them. She told me, in a manner of conclusion, how I could use certain kind of bra. There was a conversation that I've already forgotten. It ended with me saying no and then she ending with a bye. Was she proposing something? Her closure was the same of mine. No, I replied to her "don't look for me anymore ... you behaved like an asshole" with an OK. 

After her departure in my dream. It was something like a ghost leaving, maybe a reference to the phantom I used to mention? Or like the scene in HIMYM when Ted lets Robin go as a balloon, but less melodramatic. 

I tried to sleep after feeding Nymeria but it was all for naught. I stepped out of the kitchen and noticed a plate with two separate eggs, one was over easy and the other scrambled. It was covered with a napkin. In the pan, there were fried tortillas scrambled with eggs and chile. I returned to my room realizing that being 7 in the morning my mother hadn't left for school yet. 

Luis stayed home because the teachers had some kind of conference or meeting. My mother didn't have classes anyway, but that workshop. 

Nymeria, after being reprimanded, went straight to her bed and stayed inside. It's funny how I can see the reactions and emotions in her. How, after screaming or calling her attention, she barks back as answering back. Her anger and tainting me pretending to come bite my toes. Then, after not backing down, she resigns and retracts in shame, lowering herself submissive and going to her bed. 

Just now she exited. She's here by my feet were she lay down. In this instant she put her head on top of me foot. I love her. I have what I envied of Catherine with Muñeca. 

Catherine went to work since the early morning. We had said that maybe I could go to her house today, watch some movies or something. We decided not to agree on anything because it wasn't sure. Today's shift was open-ended like last week's. I didn't want to repeat that occurrence. She did work her 8 hours. I asked her if she wanted me to go anyway. I was still in my pajamas and in the couch. I had not eaten since noon. Nonetheless what I had eaten until then was plenty. 

Something in me didn't want to go. I would need to shower and shave and do my hair and make up, just for a couple of hours of being in her house. What is it with me about wanting to be seen? I want to be noticed and validated. I don't want to stay home or go to somewhere where everybody knows me. I want to face strangers and meet their reactions to me. I want to be addressed in some kind of way, see how people see me. 

I asked her if she was sure. She let me decide. I ended up going. I showered leaving Nymeria in my room. I put on shorts and a tank top. I gave her her third meal and left. I parked the car and noticed two old men outside the mom and pop shop across the street from her house. One of them was Cathy's grandpa. Would he recognize me? I noticed both of their sights on me and saw their lips move as their eyes were fixated on me parking. How would he see me? As Catherine's boyfriend? Or Catherine's girl friend that stayed the other day. 

Catherine met me on her porch and told me to move the car. I had parked it in front of her house, away from the men. I moved and they saw me. He told me how it was dangerous because of the big trucks and buses that sometimes pass. 

We ate chinese food and watched the first episode of Luke Cage. The first minutes of Cloud Atlas and the series Her Story. We kissed on her couch and talked. 

I liked today. I love her and love seeing her. She had her first paycheck today. 

