===== ENTRY =====
=== DATE: 2022-06-12 ===
=== TITLE: Sunday, June 12th, 2022 ===
=== WORDS: 761 ===
=== MINUTES: 754 ===
=== BODY ===
 —Your mother will let you go out alone. You will be free. 

—Being free is being alone?   I haven't been writing here for more than a month. The missing boxes don't lie. A couple of days ago I sent two e-mails. One to Monica and another to Melissa. I thought about sending one to Alex, but didn't. I was exhausted. I don't remember what I wrote about except that I regretted it today on my walk back home. Monica surely rolled her eyes and whispered to herself that there I was, talking about that same tiring theme.

Oren, my second therapist, the one that I was cheating Calli with, would bring up to my attention that I am mind-reading what Monica must have reacted to my reaching out.

I feel the urge to mend the gap between that last entry and today; talk about how I never met Alexandra again. Her departure didn't break me the same way as others silence did. I kept trying to fill that void inside me with meaningless encounters. Fruitless is the word that comes to mind. I joked with Alda about being a slut and she sharply answered back that I was talking about being slutty with just one casual sex encounter months before.

In that last entry I think I wrote about distracting myself with these women. I keep bringing the subject up in therapy; my insecurity, my abandonment issues, my repulsion to my own sexuality, they all come down to the same thing.

I am a PhD candidate now. In less than a week from now I'll be travelling to Scotland.

I texted my mum today about how after buying a tripod—again, since that last time that I cancelled the order—it was stolen. I saw the package box as we left to Ellelui's rooftop lesbian party. Alda kissed a girl that I recognized from the apps. She didn't like her but they kissed anyway. Until know I hadn't thought again how when I saw her on the apps I suspected she was trans.

I saw Portrait de la jeune fille en feu again. I wanted to see the other movie from that creator: Petite maman. That's the movie that I asked Gabrielle out to see. Sparky—the nickname for the Peanut's cartoonist—, the girl I liked more than usual and who, like the previous girl whom I liked the same way, rejected me softly suggesting friendship instead. I brought the subject up with Jessica, the brazilian wife. She hadn't see it, so I suggested it. I had a date this Tuesday with another woman and yet I scheduled this one. I have another one tomorrow with a French woman from Paris. Why do I keep doing this to myself? 

I am struggling again to write an article. Like in my master's I've got myself to a point of writing an unconvetional one. Then it was a multi-analysis ambitious study with lots of comparisons, now it's a software product instead of a study.

Louis must be getting tired of me. Here it is again, putting words on other people's heads.

I haven't eaten all day and I keep postponing cooking food. For breakfast I had a latte, for dinner half a bottle of wine.

For years I thought that I use alcohol as a way to control my overwhelming feelings. Lately I've been thinking that it might be the other way around. I use it to loose down the emotional block that impedes me to be aware of my own feelings.

I've been holding texting Jessica again. I use her reason of being a morning person and starting to shut off her brain in the evening as an excuse to hide the real reason which is...

I got distracted trying to see what would Alda put on TV. She started to watch the Dave Chappelle's show. She didn't put it back on. I feel the urge to make a comment about it instead of just telling her that I am trans myself.

Hey, do you know I am trans? 

I fantasize about what her reaction would be.

The real reason that I didn't text Jessica during, or after, my walk home was that I am dreading her response telling me that she liked our time together (as she answered my very direct question when we said goodbye), but didn't feel a strong enough connection.

Am I using these girls as practice?

Oren told me to focus on my breath as practice of being aware of my own body.

I don't feel like doing even that. 
