------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, September 5th, 2025
Date: 2025-09-05
Num Words: 918
Num Minutes: 32

There hasn't been much closure outside these pages.

After Clara saw that last story of the rock and the sea, just like the background music asked of her, she did not come back.

I had prepared a photograph for the next time she would come. The statue of an angel figure covered by doves and shadow. Surrounding it was a simple message. these words don't reach you anymore

i still keep writing about you
you keep still coming to read me

we haunt each other nowThis morning is a full month since I pushed us away. It has gotten easier, in a way. But I still ache. The memories hurt. I both run away from them and look for her in the number of visitors of my photographs who do not follow me. I, still, keep searching for her where she isn't.

It is not just that in what I have been failing. I had to give up on the idea of defending before the expiration of my study permit. In around a week is the deadline to submit, again, the grant for my post-doct project. I have not started neither.

I will meet with Aliza later today. I confessed to her, after I came back from one of my digital self-exhiles, that I felt alone. She offered meeting after her return from México. More than a month ago, I cancelled on Alda and Majo. Alda warned me we would not see each in a long time, since she'd be in Albania. Two months ago, on another night I did not sleep, I found Majo's headphones cable. "I'll give it to you next time we meet." I am seeing it now under the monitor in which I am reading these words as I type them.

I have not been completely alone. I met Sarah once. She invited me to Café Velours with her sister to one of her writers' groups. Being added to this group of Montréal-based writers was the reason I recreated Facebook again.

Sarah >  Heyy btw unless work finishes late I'll go to the writer's group tonight :)

It was 6h25 when I saw the notification pop up. I replied immediately.

Sofía > Morning! I'm actually writing rn while some analysis is running in the background haha

Sarah > Wow early start haha!

I considered telling her about what happened last night. Was that the reason I decided to skip my meds?

Sofía > i haven't slept since 9am, so idk how alive i'll be in the afternoon

Just like 3 years ago after I got obsessed with another French woman, I used to dating apps to distract myself. Some weeks ago I went out with Meagan. She invited me to grab a pastry from the mexican bakery that Majo once brought me to. We walked to Jeanne Mance and chatted for an hour or two. She's a professor of history at UdeM. "We'll keep talking if we feel like?" she said before we parted ways at the Plateau. For some reason, I dreaded not hearing back from her. Almost enough to not reach out myself. Was I even that invested in seeing her again?

Almost two weeks ago she reached back letting me know family stuff had came up making her go back to Ontario for a while. She ended her message by proposing to meet for coffee or something once she's back.

I have been talking with some other women. I proposed meeting to Gab last week. She seemed excited about the idea, but said she was busy for the long weekend. I haven't heard back from her.

I am meeting Méleda tomorrow afternoon for a coffee at a nearby café I proposed to check out.

I am aware how I haven't changed. What I didn't learn from Kate; what I still didn't get from Clara; the idea that none of these women's attention can make me accept and love myself, it keeps evading me.

Last night, as I was discarding profiles in Tinder, a familiar face came up. In her profile, together with others more recent, Amanda had the same two pictures from three years back when we first met.

Sofélia > miré a mi primer hookup en tinder. y tengo la estúpida regla de darle like a todas las personas que conozco, por los lolz

I remembered some months ago when I send an IG follower request to Sophie. I thought back, as well, maybe a year ago, the last time I saw Bea's profile in Tinder. I shrugged the image of Amanda seeing my profile, thinking back of me, and the reason that led her to say: Hey, I don't want to keep talking to you.

The thought Why am I drawn to women who do not want me?  stung. Yet, it was much less uncomfortable than what happened a couple hours later, as I was in bed, tempted by the idea of skipping a night of sleep.

Amanda > hi! you are really cute :). your profile is poetic, and I'm gonna go listen to your sad bedtime playlist :P
Amanda > Idk why I assumed that was a public Spotify playlist, haha, nvm

Isn't that what, deep down, I must have hoped for when I swipped right on her?

No. I was not expecting her to have completely forgotten about me.

Sofélia > a veces tengo el miedo irracional que para las personas que tienen significado para mí, yo soy insignificante. creo que no es tan irracional

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, September 9th, 2025
Date: 2025-09-09
Num Words: 1000
Num Minutes: 84

It is 3h40 right now. I, purposefully, haven't taken my medication. Again.

I did not sleep that Thursday after Amanda's message. I continued working on my journals from 2016.

Friday morning, Sarah reached out to tell me that, depending on how work would go that day, they would join their sister's writers group in Velours that evening. I told them I could not join them since I had plans with Aliza. In exchange. I offered them the latest news in my dating life.

Sarah > Omg block her now!!
Sarah > She seems like a bitch and will treat you badly again!
Sarah > I don't wanna talk to you? WTF
Sarah > I feel like continuiong to engage will just hurt you

I knew they were right. Listening to that urge inside of me that pushed me to reply to her, the quiet voice suggesting me to see how long I could take it before she would recognize me, if at all, would only end up bringing me more disappointment and pain.

Sofía > Hey! thanks, you're pretty cute, too

That might have been the first bad decision I took.

Aliza reached out and asked me to change our late lunch plans for Sunday. At first, I told Sarah I might be able to join them. Later that day, though, I realized that it would probably be better if I didn't go to the writers group. I stayed home, working. The afternoon came and went. Then it was the night. I remained sitting on my chair. Morning arrived and I did not sleep. Again.

After 48h of continuously being awake, reality seemed like a simulation. Shadows kept bouncing around me. Together with the sharper noises, they startled me much easier. I had ran out of coffee. At 7h, I showered and left to buy a bag of coffee beans. Besides the greyness that gave the day an almost lifeless state, the world seemed hostile and threatening. Every building was observing me. Danger seemed to hide in every alley.=

I lied down on my bed and tried to sleep. I couldn't. I had scheduled a date at 14h with Méléda. Rain was expected around our rendez-vouz time. I knew it was best to reach out and postpone. I was in no state of meeting anyone.

Sofía > hey! i had never been to cafe vito, and by mere curiousity i checked i out on maps. it looks pretty small inside, since it might rain on us, do you mind if we move it to cafe velours? it's also on villeray st, just a couple blocks away

That was another bad decision.

The plan was to head out, make it to the café, sit down and hold a normal conversation for around an hour without raising suspicions about my state of mind, and finally make it back home safe.

When I made it to the café, I paused outside to take my earphones out and check for any new message in our conversation. Passing through the entrance, I explored the café. My eyes quickly found her sitting on its right side, right before the communal long table.

"With me, it's completely the opposite to what I think happens to the women I date. I suspect that most women find me attractive on my pictures and then they lose interest when we finally meet in person," I explained to Aliza the next day at the Ramen place. "Yesterday, like usual, despite not finding my date particularly attractive in her photos, in person she looked much, much better."

I tried to ask her if she had been there for long, but words stumbled. We both stood up and ordered our beverages. I got myself the house chai. Even in my altered state, I was aware having more coffee was not smart.

We talked about our hobbies, our jobs, and life in Québec. I told stories that had been years since I brought up: the odyssey of getting my visa, my change of mind regarding having roommates, my experiences in the mental hospital and the reasons behind my change of discipline, leaving psychology for neurobiology.

Several times, I realized that I had talked too much about myself. I redirected the conversation towards her. She studied literature and did a master studying self-writing, analyzing the work of Maggie Nelson and Roland Barthes.

I did not recognize Barthes name until she talked about his peculiar way of referencing other work. I told her how fragments d'un discourse amoroux had been one of my favourite books I had picked from the library. She recommended me "La chambre claire" from him, which is about photography.

Towards the end of our date, she brought up that she had been enjoying her time with me and would love to do it again some other time. I agreed, albeit, just like most of my behaviour up to that point, in clumsy and mildly awkward way.

Despite my initial plans of holding the conversation just enough to not raise suspicions, it was she who wondered outloud about the time and then announced she would be leaving. I was the first of us to grab their coat and hold it in front of our body with the intention of putting it on. The conversation continued and joined us all the way to the door. Outside, she mentioned again the idea of meeting another time. I raised my arms offering a hug, and she took me.

Walking home, I texted both Majo and Aliza. My mum reached out, as well, sometime in my journey back. I hesitated about sharing my current state with her, but in the end I did.

Back home, I closed the drapes, took off my clothes and lied down on my cold bed.

Something led me to my phone before my pillow. I saw I had a new email from Louis addressed specifically to me. He wanted to know about the feasability of replicating the anlaysis I had given him 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, September 11th, 2025
Date: 2025-09-11
Num Words: 1177
Num Minutes: 32

—I sat up and drafted a quick, unedited and rambling email. I did not even read his in full, I realized later when I got to the second part I had completely missed. So I wrote down a second one, just as fast and incoherent. I read back what I had just sent and realized fully what I had just done. I took a deep breath and, much more calmed, wrote down a third one where I went over all the points I tried to make. I confessed I was severely sleep-deprived and everything would have to wait until I could go to the office and turn on the computer.

Satisfied with my effort, I sent it out, let myself fall to bed, and, finally, after more than 56 continuous hours, passed out completely.

***

Today I met with Alda. It is her birthday. This is her last year of her 20s. Our plans have been changing. Last week she invited to this event where we would smoke week and paint. Yesterday, she found out that it would be recorded and posted on YouTube, so it owuld be better to just go  get dinner at an Indian place. Lastly, today, since she would have dinner with her sister and brother-in-law, Indian, we could go to Lola Rosa.

My plan was to go to the office and meet her later. It was hard falling asleep last night, despite being awake for around 36h. It was even harder getting up in the morning. I stayed home and had my meeting with Louis on Teams.

At the terrasse by Place des Arts, I told Alda about Amanda. She already knew that Amanda does, in fact, remember me. I had not told her we are meeting this Saturday.

In one of her latest messages, after we had talked about the impossibility—in my opinion—to be able to understand each other, and how she satisfies her cravings of connection, she concluded that I seemed familiar.

Amanda > Also, any chance we went on a date like 3 or 4 years ago? You seem familiar.

The next day, Tuesday, less than an hour before the midnight that would turn it into Wednesday—now that I think of it, on the night that I did not sleep; similarly to the nights that I did not sleep after her first message—I replied back confessing that we did know each other.

Sofía > and yeah, we did. a really good one and then a second one. i was pretty sure you didn't remember me.

This time, she did not reply immediately after.

Amanda > I definitely do remember you- I didn't make the connection right away though - I also felt kind of awkward asking :P. I remember the time we spent together being nice too, though I was really closed off at that time - I don't think I was forthcoming about my emotional state, or what was going on in my life and think that probably limited how connected I could feel to you. And yeah I guess the idea of there being limits to how well understood we can be is compelling for me because I've been trying to let people see more of me, and yeah, wondering where understanding can and can't take us.

Amanda > Would you be interested in meeting up to chat? My intentions are to be slow about any relationships I build (I was really trying to speedrun dates for a while, back when we first met)

I told her I remembered her from the moment I saw her profile. I did not know what I expected when I swiped right on her, yet it definitely was not the first message I got from her.

I have no idea what I expect either from our meeting this weekend.

That same Tuesday, earlier in the afternoon, I reached out to Méléda. The afternoon we met, she told me about Maggie Nelson's The Argonauts. I asked her, after telling her how it had been recommended me to me, if she would recommend it, too. The next day, after I was much more conscious, I reserved it from the library. So this week, when I got an email informing me how the book of Maggie Nelson that I had reserved was ready for pick-up, my mind went exactly to that talked-over piece of literature. Except it was not. Months ago, I must have heard about another work of hers that I decided to read. Bluets.

Méléda > Nice! never read that one but the premice sine really interesting. You tell me what you think about it

The next morning, as my first stop before going to the office, I passed by BAnQ to pick it up. At the office, waiting for my code to run, I replied again.

Sofía > I got it this morning. i read a couple of pages in the metro. it does seem like my kind of book! you'll be the first to know what i think

She has not reacted nor replied yet.

I have considered reaching back again, asking her to meet again. I don't know how muc this urge comes from really wanting to meet her, or as a way to distract me, especially after scheduling the meeting with Amanda, and sneaking in on Clara's Instagram and finding out about her 17-day trip in Alberta.

I saw the circles of her pinned stories changed order. Now, the one labelled Le monde was at the beginning. I suspected she had finally left Montréal. And so, I clicked on it. I passed over the dozens of bits of pieces of her past, until I reached to the one from 23h ago. There was a link at the bottom: polarsteps.com.

I had never heard of this website. It must be a mixture of social network and travel journal. She doesn't have a username, but her real name. Clara DM. I don't know the story—she never told it to me—of why she disowns her father's last name and embraces her mother's. Duchemin Mesnier. How do I know them? Why do I do still?

She started her trip on the 9th. Each day is marked with pictures and a short piece of writing about it. I read and watched each of the three recorded ones. I cannot, so I didn't, imagine her voice narrating her French logs. I stopped at the pictures on which she appears. She's ugly, Majo would say. I tried hard to see her with those eyes. As if I could will her appearance to morph and remove every trace of yearning I cannot kil.

I closed down the website, making sure I did not exit, hoping it would remain there, in my phone, accessible for any other day I want to read her; any other day I might have the addict's craving of pretending there is still the slightest trace of connection between our lives.

Did I mention in any of the two days I have written in her about Majo leaving?

Why do I avoid it? 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, September 13th, 2025
Date: 2025-09-13
Num Words: 1624
Num Minutes: 29

Can I hold your hand?

— Amanda***

Unlike the first time I met her, three years ago, I got there first.

The café seemed empty from the windows. I took out the then silent earbuds and wrapped the cord around my iPod. After I put in my small red backpack, I quickly opened Tinder to see if I had any message from Amanda.

I walked inside and ordered myself an oatmilk iced latte. The barista insisted on bringing the tall glass and the couple of oat cookies that came with my order to wherever I would sit.

<< Ici, la table près de la fenêtre. >>

I was early. It was barely 13h when I looked at my watch, my coffee in front of me. I took out the book from Maggie Nelson that I have been reading. Part of me is eager to finish it and have an excuse to reach out again to Méléda. She did not send anything after my last message. I don't know if she has read it. Last night I browsed our conversation—brief as it was; tired of long conversations that would lead to nowhere, I rushed to ask her to meet in person—and saw that it took her more than a week to reply to the first message I sent her. Why do I seem to always be attracted to people who are just out of reach?

I kept glancing out the window with every passerby, unsure if I was eager or anxious of that particular person being my date.

"Thank you for waiting," said Amanda when it was actually her who turned to the café and stood in front of the table I had picked. She placed her backpack on the chair, but made no effort to come to my side of the table. I did not stand up to hug her. "I'll go order now."

I heard half of her order. She asked for an espresso. The barista asked her if she wanted it regular or allongé. She took his suggestion. I missed the part where she also asked for a juice on the side, it took me by surprise when the training barista brought her a small mug with an orange cold beverage.

"That doesn't look like an espresso."

"No, I did get an espresso, but also got this. I need the caffeine. And I am also thirsty."

We talked. While the conversation started more awkwardly than I would have expected, it was easy to remember why I had liked so much the first date we had back in 2022.

She asked me about what I did for fun. I told her about my photography and then briefly mentioned my journal and the manuscript that I have been working on. I talked about my friends, what I do with them. I first talked about two days ago when I saw Alda for her birthday. Then, I mentioned the nights that Majo would come to my house and we would watch movies. Despite what happened, Majo is still the first person that comes to mind when the subject of friendship comes up.

Her eyes widened with her smile when I told her about the Before trilogy that Majo and I watched together. She had seen the first three quarters of it with her parents. Ethan Hawke reminded her too much of someone she used to be with, so it was a hard watch. Maybe with the years, she wondered, she could try again.

She brought another movie from the same director. Waking life. "The Before movies are very dialogue heavy. This one is similar in that way, except it's more philosophical. It's one of the two movies that I have downloaded in my laptop. We should definitely watch it. I love showing it to people."

I smiled and nodded. Mentioning the Before trilogy made me wonder if I want to write this book about Clara as a fantastical way of pulling her in, or maybe it's my symbolic way of making her stay, even if just as a character in my own fiction. When I became conscious of these ideas I pushed them away and turned back to face Amanda. Unlike Méléda's, the eyes waiting for mine across the table were blue.

"It's funny, when we first met there were these—, the circumstances that surrounded my life back then. You mentioned that you were going through something. So was I, those years ago. When you appeared in my life I had just been obsessed with someone. A woman, a French woman with whom I had two dates and we kissed once. One or two months later, I met you. And I didn't get obsessed with you—no offense—, I had every reason to, and yet I did not. You came, we shared that night and a second date, then you left. I did not miss you, I did not ache you. Anyway, now, years later, I got obsessed again with another French woman—to be fair, this time it was more than two dates and a kiss, but still—and now you appeared again."

We talked just briefly, about these repeating cycles. Instead, the subject of my manuscript was brought up again. She told me about this friend of hers who is writing a memoir. Her life, narrated in a certain way, seemed like the setup of a murder mistery. We concluded the thought with the idea that, contrary to what many believe that only famous people are worthy of writing a memoir, there is a particular beauty in the experiences of us ordinary people.

"I have been wondering lately—, one of my friends," I couldn't help thinking about Majo again, "she told me how she felt these weird feelings about my writing in the journal. Even before going into whether I'd publish anything or make a thing out of it, she related these feelings of her to the anxiety of hanging out with a journalist and the pressure that everything that she said, would be written later. It was, in her words, as if she had to state that something was off the record."

"I personally, like the idea of being written about."

Her words pushed my head back in surprise.

"It's about this idea of being aware of the effect I have on people. What is it that makes me deemed of being written and recorded. How do they see me?"

I wondered how much I had written about her back then. Would I dare share it with her? Would I want her to see herself through my own words?

"Would you like to walk outside for a bit?" She asked me well after we both had finished our drinks. We walked through Mile End, in circles, continuing the conversation with such ease that it actually felt as we had known each other for several years.

"I like your outfit."

Halfway through our second-part of our date, she asked me if she could hold my hand.

"Yeah, of course."

Nobody had ever asked me. Paty had just did it. Did I prefer it this way, being warned about it?

At first she grabbed mine as a mother grabs her children's. It didn't feel right. We quickly tried something else, and swap, putting my arm in front and her grabbing my hand from the back. It wasn't quite there, so we switched again. This time weaving our fingers. "Ok, yeah. Better."

We continued walking and picked up the conversation where we had left it. I got distracted by a beating in my lower abdomed. It increased in rythm, and became warmer and larger with every step. It was the threat of an explosion that never really arrived.

After a couple of kilometers of wandering through a neighbourhood that I don't visit often, almost back to the café we had left two hours before, I saw a familiar, yet unrecognized face. She smiled and raised her hand to wave.

"Hey! Sofía!"

I let go of Amanda's hand, before I put a name to the woman that was talking to me. I looked around searching for Walter. It took me a couple of seconds to find him.

"Oh hey!" I finally spoke. They told me that they had just eaten there. At that moment I had not realized that the building behind them was a restaurant. "Yeah, Amanda, this is Walter and Seunghwa. This is Amanda."

We did not stay there for long. I rushed our goodbye. We continued walking away and I reached for her hand again.

"Actually, can we start to head back?" She said not much afterwards.

"Yeah, of course. We are not too far off."

"I know we passed it, but I didn't see it—"

"I did. It's right over there, a couple of streets ahead."

It might have been right after that, or maybe before. I know we both had said it a couple of times by that point. Still I felt the need to repeat it one more time.

"This is really nice." I squeezed her hand and pushed my upper arm towards her brushing the sleeve of her wine-coloured blouse. "I'm really glad that we did this."

I walked her to her bike. She said something about us, and the meeting we just had, and maybe the possibility of doing it again. For some reason I did not listen. Perhaps the same part of me that knows nothing good will come out of this closed me off from it.

"Yeah, we'll see each other. We'll stay in touch," I said anyway.

I headed towards Laurier station. From my abdomed up to my chest, I felt the urge to turn back and see her again. I swallowed it down and kept walking.

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, September 19th, 2025
Date: 2025-09-19
Num Words: 3566
Num Minutes: 109

> 2. And so I fell in love with a color—in this case, the color blue—as if falling under a spell, a spell I fought to stay under and get out from under, in turns.

— Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 2.

***

Sofía > sarah rainchecked on me. Lola Rosa?

It was noon and I hadn't yet shower when I texted Alda. For an unknown reason, I wanted to go outside. Alda also had her own reasons.

Alda > I did my makeup so yes \
Alda > Are you down to go in like an hour? \
Alda > Im letting majo know as well

María's name caught me off guard. I looked away from the monitor, from it. My eyes could have gone anywhere. They landed on the coiled black cord of her headphones right below the screen. I'll give it to you next time we see each other, I told her. That must have been two months ago.

Sofélia > cool

Alda > Shes prob not coming but she wrote to me to get Indian food \
Alda > And she hasn't repliedKananaskis

Mardi, 9 Septembre — Jour 1

THE MOUNTAINS, GANDALF !

J'ai des petits papillons quand je les vois se dessiner au loin, sortir de terre, irréelles, bleues, immenses

Et je m'arrête au lac Barrier avant de m'arrêter au refuge pour la nuit.

Quelques personnes sont là et je les rejoins autour de feu, DEVINEZ QUOI l'une d'elles est bretonne franchement vous êtes partout mais tranquille on peut partager NON JE RIGOLE Normandie >I was supposed to meet Sarah a week ago, last Tuesday. I had my therapy session earlier that same day. The second half of our session, after I had talked about being awake for more than 56h, was spent exploring the idea about my supposedly irrational fears being right. I feel that, to those who are important to me, people who have had a significant meaning in my life—to them I am meaningless. I talked about not being remembered by Amanda. Then, I dared to talk about María leaving.

Sofía > hey, again. sorry, do you mind if we raincheck? now not only am i physically exhausted but emotionally as well \
Sofía > I haven't told you, but beside everything that happened this weekend, i think i had a friendship breakup

"Pero, particularmente con Majo," Fabiola confronted me, "no digo que sea tu culpa, pero, ¿qué se siente que ella haya tenido una razón válida para irse?"42. Sitting in my office before teaching a class on prosody, trying not to think about you, about my having lost you. But how can it be? How can it be? Was I too blue for you. Was I too blue. I look down at my lecture notes: Heártbréak is a spondee. Then I lay my head down on the desk and start to weep. —Why doesn't this help? \
— Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 42.I found it funny, that double ironic punch. When I read the notification of the availability of Maggie Nelson's book that I had reserved, my mind went straight to the one I had talked a couple of days before on my date with Méléda about queer love and motherhood. Instead, what waited for me was a book reserved weeks—or maybe months—before, dealing with themes of loss and mourning, desire and distance. I started it well-expecting to read Clara's name in Maggie's words. When I read fragment 42, just like this morning, María's name jumped on me unexpected. It's all self-fulfilling prophecy, Alda told me María had complained to her, I was not avoiding her at first, but then, after everything I actually did. In the end, she pushed me away.

Was I, as well, too blue?

I got off the metro on Place des Arts. In my phone, Google Maps showed Alda's pin somewhere around Station Peel. Outside, the sun bathed the afternoon in a gentle warmth. I reached out to Alda letting her now I had arrived.

Alda > 16 min away \
Alda > I got a bit distracted during my walk break.

I chose to sit away from the shadows and read under the mild orange sunlight while I waited.Banff et Bow River

Vendredi, 12 Septembre — Jour 4

J'ai passé la journée autour de la rivière Bow. Au dessus, d'abord, dans des petits chemins qui sentaient fort le pin chaud. Puis sur ses eaux bleu pétant. J'y ai croisé un troupeau de wapitis femelles qui a traversé la rivière, maintenant je le sais, les wapitis nagent mieux que moi. Seule au monde (du coup pas tant que ça) dans cette rivière face aux montagnes c'est ça finalement la vie ?On Friday, a couple of days after I cancelled, Sarah reached out again. They wanted to check in on me and see how I was doing.92. Eventually I confess to a friend some details about my weeping—its intensity, its fequency. She says (kindly) that she thinks we sometimes weep in front of a mirror not to inflame self-pity, but because we want to feel witnessed in our despair. (Can a reflection be a witness? Can one pass oneself the sponge wet with vinegar from a reed?) \
— Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 92.My sleep had gone back to normal; mood-wise I might have been feeling better, too. I ended my message asking them how they were themselves.

Sarah > Nice!! I'm ok when I'm not at work.

Sofía > haha what are your days off?

Alda and I, against the warnings of our waitress of the disturbing bees, chose a table outside on their terrace. Although we were the only people there, the neighborhood terrace of Pizza No 900 was full of life. When I noticed this, I did not think back of how we had eaten there the afternoon I met María.

— Anglais ou français ? The waitress asked us as she placed our menus on the table.

— C'est pareil, I reassured her.

Alda followed my lead and ordered her large poutine in French. This time I got chilli fries in place of the nachos.

"I am counting my calories, but I won't today. I have been walking a lot, and I plan to walk back home, too. These past few days I've been trying to reach 8K steps."

"Wow, that is a lot," I said back. "I wondered how much I have been walking."

Curious, I took my phone and opened the Health app. I started sharing my findings out loud. "I made 4K just today coming here. And yesterday I reached 8K."

I swipped to the previous week and was surprised to see a much larger peak.

"14K! What did I do last Saturday?"

"I think you had your date."Banff et Johnston Canyon

Samedi, 13 Septembre — Jour 5

Matin à Banff et lunch au bord de l'eau. Il fait beau et c'est samedi, beaucoup de monde au lac Minnewanka alors changement de plan.

Au Johnston Canyon, il y a la possibilité d'allonger la hike jusqu'au Inkpods, des sortes de mares avec des couleurs très vibrantes. Je me greffe à Colleen, son frére et sa belle sœur parce que 1) ours 2) nuit bientôt (ça rallonge de 2h30)

Mias ça en vaut la peine car la cllée dans laquelle nous descendons après avoir tant monté est incroyable, avec une rivière et les montagnes tout autour

Je connais toute la vie de Colleen mais au moins aucun ours ne m'a mangéeThat Saturday afternoon, after coming back home from my long walk with Amanda I sent a text to Sarah. They had said they were free Wednesday and Friday. I had a lab lunch on Wednesday, but my Friday was completely empty. Perfect!, they wrote back. It was settled.

I took Maggie Nelson's book with me to bed. I finished it that same night before I fell asleep.

"It was confusing," I told Alda. "We were walking and talking—the conversation was great; it wasn't surprising, years ago, it was part of why I found her so attractive—, and out of nowhere, she looks at me and asks me to hold my hand." I paused to wave off the bee that prowled my glass. "I told you how I really liked when Paty held my hand—you were there, you saw us. But this time, it was different. I had a physical reaction. It was overwhelming."

There were several bees flying inside the empty bottle of ginger beer next to my half-eaten bowl of fries. Were they trapped in there, seduced by the sweetness of what was once inside but was mostly gone?Lake Louise et Lake Moraine

Dimanche, 14 Septembre — Jour 6

Aujourd'hui passage obligé à Lake Louise et Lake Moraine. J'avais prévu de me lever à 6h pour éviter les touristes, mais je me suis rendormie... par chance j'ai pu trouver une des dernières places sur le parking. Rando commencée à 8h30 jusqu'à Lake Agnes et Little Beehive, mes jambes me détestent actuellement mais ça vaut la peine !

Le lac Moraine n'est accessible que par navettes et réservation.

Mais bref c'est tellement bleu que je ne sais plus si j'avais déjà vu du bleu avant.Sunday morning, I woke up to Méléda's message regarding my offering of her being the first to know about my thoughts regarding Bluets.

Méléda > Cool! I'll love to!35. Does the world look bluer from blue eyes? Probably not, but I choose to think so (self-aggrandizement). \
(Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 35.After having slept on it I sent Amanda my phone number. Maybe we could watch Waking Life some time, I wrote her.

I went back to Méléda's conversation.

Sofía > I finished it last night! i might go through it again to save the ones i liked the most \
Sofía > also, i just made the big deadline that i had been stressing about. do you wanna have a drink or casual dinner to celebrate with me sometime this week?

"I know how I am using these women as a distraction," I continued telling Alda. "And in a way, it's working—I haven't been feeling as sad as before—, but I still am stalking Clara."

I asked her if I had told her before about her trip to Banff and the link I left open, waiting. She nodded.36. Goethe describes blue as a lively color, but one devoid of gladness. "It may be said to disturb rather than enliven." Is to be in love with blue, then, to be in love with a disturbance? Or is the love itself the disturbance? And what kind of madness is it anyway, to be in love with something constitutionally incapable of loving you back? \
(Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 36.)"It's not just that. I know she keeps coming back to my IG profile, seeing my photographs." I explained to her, how I used the application's metadata to look at the proportion of pictures' views that come from users who don't follow me. In the past week, someone who does not follow me, but who has already seen those pictures, opened them between 4 and 8 times.

Her silent reaction let me know that both of us were aware that my explanation reeked of obsession.37. Are you sure—one would like to ask—that it cannot love you back? \
(Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 37.)Later in the week, Sarah proposed going somewhere for supper. They asked me for any place that I've been wanting to try. Joie de livres was also an option.

That same day, Amanda, who had said she'd love to watch the movie with me, proposed Thursday as a tentative day for it. Her mom might come to town that week, but she hasn't said exactly when.

Sarah > Btw I quit my job even if the new one isn't 100% lined up yet cause I can't do this anymore lol and I have one month notice to figure it out haha

I proposed Alda to have ice cream from Chocolat favoris as dessert after our meals. Every time we go, she tells me it is her dad's favourite ice cream place. Each of them, I try to hold myself from letting her know and unintentionally betraying the comfort I feel every time she feels the urge to share that little piece of her life with me.HI Beauty Creek

Mardi, 16 Septembre — Jour 8

Wow j'ai du wifi dans le refuge ?? J'aurais préféré une douche mais bon c'est bien aussi

Aujourd'hui départ de Lake Louise ce matin pour s'engager sur la Icefield Parkway, la seule route qui rejoint Jasper en serpentant entre les montagnes et glaciers, sans réseau, sans détour, avec les plus belles vues ever.

Arrêt au lac Peyto, au Canyon Mistaya, puis let's grimper Parker Ridge. J'avais pas d'attente mais c'était incroyable de voir apparaître le glacier Saskatchewan, source de la rivière Saskatchewan, une fois arrivée en haut. En redescendant j'ai rencontré un vieau chien, Billy, qui aurait préféré rester avec moi que de monter.

Ce soir dans un vrai lit à Beauty Creek, un refuge au bord d'un ruisseau et je pense que le ciel sera superbe cette nuitTuesday afternoon Amanda let me know she had talked with her mom and Thursday was all good. Would you come to my place? She has a kind of projector set up. The idea of us sitting together in her couch, finding myself a place besides her under her arm and her fingers meddling inside my curls, burnt inside me, pulsing red and hot.

Later that night, Méléda also reached back.

Méléda > I'll love that but I'm having a busy week but if you sill wanted to do it maybe [next] week I'll be down! \
Méléda > I was thinking if you are confortable maybe we can exchange our contact insta messenger or cellphone number asyou prefer. I'm not very good at checking the app

Sarah and I had agreed to think of options for where to have dinner. Wednesday morning as I rode the metro towards the japanase place where Sasha had made a reservation for Louis' birthday lab lunch, I sent themtwo potential options. One was ChuChai, a Thai restaurant in the plateau. The second was Burger fiancé, a burger joint by the Old Port.

In a follow-up text, I brought up Maynard, a vegan place which, just a couple of weeks ago, I noticed on my walks back home.

Sarah > Ouh we can try maynard! I've tried the other two hahaFin de la route, Lac Maligne et Jasper

Mercredi, 17 Septembre — Jour 9

On repart de Beauty Creek (mais est-ce la dernière fois...) pour continuer la route jusqu'à Jasper, avec des arrêts aux Chutes Athabasca en Sunwapta.

Les 30 derniers kilomètres jusqu'à Jasper laissent place à des paysages post apocalyptiques, des arbres calcinés, tombés, sur des milliers d'hectares. La route jusqu'au lac Maligne n'en est pas moins superbes et les premières couleurs de l'automne apparaissent. Le lac, 23km de long, est très beau et l'eau pas tant froide.

Ce soir dernière nuit dans la voiture ! En allant au camping, un wapiti assez beau gosse bloqué la route pendant un quart d'heure, séparé de sa meuf par la barrière de bord de route, il s'énerve un peu et je suis vite partie.Yesterday morning Louis cancelled all our meetings, so I decided to stay home. I showered early and tried a bunch of outfits. I chose a pleated skirt influenced by the fantasy of Amanda's warm hands pressing on the bare skin of my thighs.

Sarah's message was first.

Sarah > Hey so my car broke down on top of a lot of things so there's a chance I raincheck for tomorrow! But I'll see how the dat goes and let you know!

Not much later, it was Amanda's.

Amanda > Hey, I woke up quite sick today, and I don't want to get you sick, would you be ok with going for a walk instead? We could also reschedule, if you'd rather not risk it :)

I changed clothes before I replied back. I told her I didn't mind the change of plans, but I would understand if she wanted to rest and we could postpone it. She reassured me it was just a mild sore throat and she would be fine.

Just like last time, I was there early. I sat by a bench outside Station Papineau. As I waited for her a couple came to where I was and sat surrounding me. The woman sat on the empty spot of the bench between me and the old lady who was before there before I sat down. Her husband sat to my right on the edge of cement bordering the plants. The woman took out two cigarettes and reached one to her partner. When they lightened, I stood up.

Amanda was wearing a light overall over a white blouse. In her hand she carried a purple water bottle. And, just like last time, we walked and talked. She told me about her week and her mother's visit. She had come and would stay with her until Sunday. Right then, she was visiting a friend of hers. We talked about our past and our future. When I brought up the funds application I had just submitted earlier that week and how I would stay in Montréal surely for one year, possibly two, and hopefully even longer, she looked at me and said "I'm happy to hear that."

A couple of times I would look at her and catch her blue eyes on me. Each time, I would wonder to myself if their colour was something I liked or feared.91. Blue-eye, archaic: "a blueness or dark circle around the eye, from weeping or other cause." \
Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 91.Would that make three of us, then?

She proposed we sat down on a bench hidden under the evening shadows of the tree in Parc Lafountaine. After we had positioned ourselves on it, she moved closer. I crossed my legs, and intentionally pointed my knees towards her. Moments later, in the middle of our conversation, this time without warning, she reached out her hand towards mine. Her skin was soft. The movement of her fingers grazing me was even softer. I rested me elbow in the back of the bench and let my hand fall on her shoulder. As she talked, wandering down from the warm water of her eyes to her neck. I imagined hiding my face in it, kissing it, gently at first, before losing control and bitting it.

She interrupted one of my daydreams by joinning both of her hands cupping mine.

"This is really nice," she added moments later, "but I think I want to start heading back home." She offered to walk me back to the metro. I told her I could find my own way, but she insisted.

On our walk back, we talked about attraction and the ill-patterns she was trying to break off.

"You don't have to answer," she started, "but which one are yours?"

I hesitated.

"You mentioned," she attempted to answer herself, "that you were trying to stop getting obsessed with French women."

Together with the last entry of Clara's digital travel log, she uploaded a picture of her sitting by the lake, looking back at the camera smilling and her feet submerged in its waters. Above her left foot, through the wet sand, the red anklet I gave her was still hugging her skin.177. Perhaps it is becoming clearer why I felt no romance when you told me that you carried my last letter with you, everywhere you went, for months on end, unopened. This may have served some purpose for you, but whatever it was, surely it bore little resemblance to mine. I never aimed to give you a talisman, an empty vessel to flood with whatever longing, dread, or sorrow happened to be the day's mood. I wrote it because I had something to say to you. \
Maggie Nelson, Bluets, 177.I felt no incrimination in her voice. Maybe that's why I opened up.

"I keep falling in this same pattern where I feel particularly attractive to people who are unavailable. It's their hot-and-cold behaviour that pulls me in." I thought back to Méléda who to this day hasn't reached back after I gave her my phone number. "Maybe it's this idea that if I can convince them to love me, that would convince myself that I am indeed lovable."

I am so unused to open affection, that I distrust it.

When we got the metro station, I thanked her again for walking with me.

"It's fine, I wanted to. I wanted to keep talking to you."

We hugged, and then I walked away towards the entrance doors. Again, like last time, the urge to look back at her, born in my lower abdomen, rose like bubbles all the way up to my neck. This time I let it. When I turned, I saw who she was looking right back at me.

Sarah texted this morningp that the mechanic was not going to be too expensive, but they'd raincheck for tonight. It has been a long week and they worked this weekend.

Sarah > Our mental health will align next time I promise

Sofélia > sarah rainchecked on me. Lola Rosa?

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, September 29th, 2025
Date: 2025-09-29
Num Words: 952
Num Minutes: 116

Early that Tuesday, Fabiola reached out to ask me if we could start our session a bit later. For this same reason, we were still online when my phone vibrated and its screen lit up with Amanda's name.

Amanda > Would you be interested in coming over to watch waking life this Friday or Saturday evening? ( I expect to be over my cold at that point )

Yes, I would love to—. I considered agreeing to meet her Friday, precisely because of the STM's strike and the possibility of being stranded in her place. That first night we meet years ago when the night had caught on us outside my bedroom, I offered her to stay the night. I didn't realize how much I wanted her to stay until she rejected my gesture. —so, let's do Saturday?

I cannot remember exactly how long I had been talking with Aurélie. It might have been one of the first nights of our conversations when she confessed she doesn't have much experience exploring her sexuality beyond her straight partners.

Sofía > [...] but there's also nothing wrong with that. we all started somewhere.

One week. I reassured her with that message the same Tuesday 16th when she matched me. The Wednesday of the following week she asked me out.

Aurélie > Hey! :) I hope your week is going ok so far! I was wondering if you'd like to meet for a date?
Aurélie > (Of course no worries if you don't feel it!)

Saturday morning I showered early. Some day in the week, as I doomscrolled on my phone I fell on a makeup reel talking about tips on using eyeliner. I couldn't remember the last time I put on makeup. That morning I passed by the pharmacy and got a handful of extraordinary items: a new mascara, an eyeliner pencil, a tube of 200 q-tips, and a box of condoms.

It wouldn't be until several hours later that I left home again. I was traversing Rue Mistral, when I took out my phone from my small red backpack.

Sofía > i'm going to head out now, can i bring you something? like to eat or drink?

Amanda > Excited to see you soon! I have some cider to share (if you want), and I've eaten, so unless there's a snack or something you'd like, I'm good. Thanks for asking :)

Last time we saw each other, as I waited for her, the first thing I noticed as I walked outside Papineau Station, was the Metro across the street. This week, that was my first destination.

Is your place on the way? was the last question I asked her. No, not really. But, it's OK. I doubt we took the same route back to her place.

1921 de Lorimier avenue.

A handful of stairs separated her porch from the sidewalk.

Appartement 1.

I inhaled and slowly let the air out before I raised my hand to press the ring button. A minute passed before nothing followed.

Sofía > i'm here

Amanda > I'll be there in a sec!

Her shadow appeared behind the fogged glass of the lobby door. She opened the door and let me inside. Her hair was tidy up under a colorful headband.

Was I excited or nervous?

She walked me down the stairs and welcomed me to her shared apartment. I paused by the doorframe ad started untying my converse shoes.

I closed the door behind me when I joined her. Nobody else was inside waiting for us.

"I didn't know if we were in the mood of something sweet or savoury, so I got both." I placed the bag of chips and the box of cookies on the coffee table.

Amanda had her head inside the fridge. "Do you want some cider?"

I walked towards her and stood on the other end of the kitchen bar separating us. "I am actually not drinking right now."

"Some water instead?" She filled two glasses for the both of us.

We walked together back to her living room space. "I set up the projector inside my room." We both looked towards the open door. Beyond, there was nothing but darkness. "But, do you want to come with me outside for a minute?"

I walked behind her through the door that led us to a small frontyard. We sat down on the patio table. The conversation started like the superfluous chitchat of many other dates as we shared our weeks. Hers had been completely full. She had an improv event every single day of the week.

She nudged the conversation subtly to her partner. "Have I told you about my partner?" She was careful enough to drop the ex prefix this time.

"Here and there; bits and pieces."

She went on to tell me how they had sorted things out. He was out there meeting his other partner that night and the next one. After I asked her, she explained how she usually doesn't mind, when things go well between them. But, since they weren't, that wasn't the case.

"We briefly talked about it," she started after a brief pause, her eyes back on me, "but, I wanted to check again that you are OK with this."

"Yeah, of course." There was an unexpected easeness that caught me off guard. I was not completely aware yet, how her own preoccupation of her partner allowed myself to forego the guilt of thinking back to the last entries of Clara's entries on polarsteps, her final days in Vancouver and the fact that she was back in Montréal. "I don't mind at all."

"Good." She smiled back and the blue of her eyes seemed warmer. 

