------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, April  1, 2016
Date: 2016-04-01
Num Words: 801
Num Minutes: 25

I actually believed for a minute that I would have told my father today. I guess this will be another missed day.

I woke up later, as usual. It was hard opening my eyes, stop turning looking for another minutes of rest. I took my pills and stepped out of my room to see what was happening in their lives. My mother was having breakfast so I ate what was left in the stove. She has this habit of making a little more food than usual. She's used to cook food for more people besides her. She has never lived alone. 

For a year she lived outside her hometown. There she lived with a friend and a family. When she came back and married my father, actually younger than I am now, she lived with him, her lover. 

I haven't lived alone either. I lived with roommates in another country. It was a little like living alone but not really. 

It doesn't matter. I ate breakfast and lied down on the couch. Catherine sent me a text message telling me that she had just gotten news of Liliana. She had two patients ready for an evaluation. Why did Liliana keep contacting Catherine? Why not me? I remembered how she's still in bed. It would be me the one who would attend them. I don't like treating children, but it's work. 

I'm excited and full of energy a total opposite of how it was before. I showered in wait of the call. I decided for her to give them my phone instead of the other way around. All is set. I will see them tomorrow at 1 in the afternoon. It will be an interview with the parents. I maybe should had looked for an structured format to be prepared. One hour. I can charge them 400 pesos or 200 dollars for the whole procedure. 

I dreamed with Monica today. It was again the same school of my childhood, the one Luis actually is attending now. Six years I spent in there. It's more than 10 years ago and yet I keep dreaming with that building. Three floors. I was looking for a room, for something. I don't remember that part. 

I just remember the scene of me looking for her, waiting for her. She was wearing a skirt, was it blue like in high school? She wasn't a kid. Both of us weren't. I turned and her skirt was clipped on her waist. Except when I turned it wasn't. Her crotch was exposed. She wasn't wearing any underwear. Her skin was as pale as I remembered, there was no hair surrounding her vulva. She quickly covered herself. There was no comment. I can't remember the rest. 

All day was getting prepared mentally about the meeting, and the battery of tests and the evaluation. 

That and telling them. 

Miguel decided not going to the gym. I was going to take him. It was a relief. I showered anyway. My hair is dry now, undone, just tied. 

Tomorrow they will cross the border without me. I have work, I have a patient. It feels... great. 

Not telling them, on the other hand, it's a huge weight. This secret, I've been getting used to it's toll. But the pressure of telling them before the time comes, it's a whole other issue. 

Rene was right. I'm scared and feeling guilty of cheating my own father of his son. I feel like I have betrayed him and keep doing so every day he doesn't know. I have to tell him and tell him right. I have to face him and confess. 

On the other hand I am scared. I have seen myself in those pictures. I have seen myself with make up and a dress. I have seen my face. I have seen me and felt hideous. He sees me now every day and sees his son. When I tell him he might see me as I see myself in those pictures. He might see me as hideous and monstrous as I look in the reflection. And there is no coming back. After he knows I can't take the words out of his ears, I won't be able to take the image of me out of his eyes. 

And so I continue being scared. I was in his room and knelt down on his bed and started chatting. It's way easier for me to tell him about something I am proud of. "Look, I got a job" I have something to do. I am not useless. 

Miguel came in and I dropped the will of blurting it. 

Right now I have the words inside of me. I promised Catherine I would write a letter. I might just give it to him. I should 
start writing it. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, April  2, 2016
Date: 2016-04-02
Num Words: 814
Num Minutes: 22

I'm right here in the same couch of my uncle's house. We are all gathered in this sort of living room or meeting room with the tv on. There is always a movie playing and being ignored. Everyone is talking with somebody. I'm here with my words. There is a smell of popcorn in the air. 

I was going to have a meeting with my patients. The alarm was set on 10 and a half in the morning. I postponed it by 10 minutes. A couple of moments before its time, my phone started singing. I answered and there was a male voice introducing itself. For a moment I thought he was with Telcel. I waited a while until he said he had a meeting with me. He had a job inconvenience so he would had to postpone. It was fine. It was better for me. I could go to the united states with my parents. I will see them next Tuesday. Two days before my appointment. 

I haven't talked with my dad. Today I was in my grandmother's house. I was lying on her bed, Luis by my side. My father was nowhere on sight. I asked for him and my mother told me he was outside. Miguel said he was in the car. I stepped outside. It was dark. There was nobody on the street. The car was dark, too. Not a single light on. I could see the drawing of the shadow of my dad. He was asleep, resting. 

I thought about it a lot. I wanted to, didn't I? I could had gone outside, opened the door and sat in the copilot seat. Maybe he would be scared. "What happened?" he might ask. Did you need something? 

"They see worse things today" My cousin went to see the Deadpool movie. "And that homosexual thing they showed us, Ranma 1/2, the which converted to a woman in the night."

Yeah, of course they would say something like that. Why does it keep surprising me even now? 

My mother again reacted. No, it's not like Rene said. She wasn't testing nothing, she was being carried by the social pressure. She jokes about stuff to be funny. She gets defensive and uses stupid jokes to ease the tension. Looking for approval? It doesn't matter. It doesn't change shit. 

"No", I would tell my dad. Of course I would back out. I would get scared, my heart pumping furiously, hitting my chest. Maybe a couple of minutes would pass in the darkness, me hating myself and my dad trying to get back to sleep. 

One of two things would happen. Either I would had stayed silent indefinitely until leaving the car or I would start talking. 

"I did want to tell you something..." By then my heart would be unstoppable. I would actually fear it leaving my body. 

"...it's about therapy". 

It wasn't the right time. My mother could had gone out at any moment. I don't know how he would react. Time is still running. The day is closer than ever. It's less than a week. 

Yesterday I could not sleep. Tossing and turning were both the thought in my head and my body in the sheets. How could I say it. How could I force me to talk about it. Three times I stepped inside their room, at the feet of the bed. I wanted to say it, talk about it, scream it. I wanted to be seen and heard but I'm scared of what they will see. 

My father didn't laugh at the joke about the cartoon. My aunt did see it. She explained it a little to my mom. 

One, two, three in the morning. The night was running, as well. Even at noon I was afraid of not getting to the meeting. I took my phone out and started writing. I told Catherine I would write a letter. I still have it here in my computer. aiWriter is open; there is a window with a short text I could use as back up. I discarded that idea. 

"Will you print it?" she asked. Something about that idea she didn't like. I can see it. It's impersonal, artificial. I thought about writing it, but what if it's illegible? What if he doesn't understand? 

So there at night the idea came up again. There was a box in the shelf over the bed. There lies my plaque and the one of my parents. I didn't give it to them. There was an opportunity. I could write a note with it thanking them for their support, asking for it more. Telling them I need them. 

I fell asleep thinking about that idea. Today I will sleep in this house, hundreds of kilometers away from both the plaque, the unwritten note and the room in which I've imagined telling them all these nights. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, April  3, 2016
Date: 2016-04-03
Num Words: 758
Num Minutes: 2

I took the plaque out. It's here besides me in the desk. We've arrived from the United States. My stomach is upside-down. I feel my heart beating in my throat. I want to tell them now. Everyone is in their bedroom. I just help putting the cover to the iron board. I feel like the air I'm breathing is not enough. I have this words inside of me and their burning, poisoning me. 

I have to tell them today. I will... 


I deleted the words. I was going to cheat but I have an hour still. 

I did. I finally opened up. I could hear the disappointment in his voice. Something that he said broke me. I could not see his eyes. 

"You will make your life very difficult. Have you think this through?" That was the first thing that worried me about telling him. I know his pessimism and doubt. I know his worries. I knew this would happen and waited for it. Even then I was not prepared to fight for my decision. 

"It's not something that I thought yesterday. I've been thinking this through for 2 years and a half." 

I defended it with an iron wall. I was going to be unmovable. At first I even considered saying it: "I just wanted to tell you, I wanted you to know. I felt this inside of me, burning me and I wanted to take it out." 

I was going to continue, but fortunately stopped and let them talk. "Now that you know, I don't care if you support me or not. Now that you know, that's all that I wanted." Those words got lost in the silence. 

"Don't do something foolish... I don't know what would happen if I knew you ever do something stupid... Don't give up... the world is hard..." At first I thought he was referring to my decision as foolish. At first, maybe he was. Changing your body. Everything will be harder. Doing something permanent. 

Those were his words in the first half. By the second one he was telling me over and over to not give up and that he would never care what other people say. I was his son and would always be his son. Those words hurt me and yet comforted me. I wasn't going to ask him to change his way of talking. 

I talked about the appointment. This thursday I will go and won't have to be alone. 

I feel like crying. I talked about looking for a job, being denied. 

I had never seen my father cry before. Just remembering his eyes watering makes me want to crawl in bed and bawl my own eyes out. 

But it's done. It's over. He knows. She knows. My mother talked about my brothers but I won't rush it. She mentioned the kids part. I talked about my own life versus the one drawn by other people's expectations. 

I told him about my depression, how I felt. How it was. I explained antidepressants, their methods. 

He's proud of me. I'm excellent at what I do and have a brilliant future ahead of me. And then repeated his words. "Don't give up". 

He corrected me furiously. "You're not alone, don't ever say you were alone." 

Silly dad, of course I was. Inside of my mind I lived, hidden from the world. I might had not been trapped like the stereotype says, but I was hidden and alone. Nobody knew about me, not even myself. Years I was alone, unseen. 

I didn't come back from Spain. Their son went there and died. He was dying before leaving here. His dead was announced on my 21st birthday. When I was in Spain he perished and I surfaced. Just Catherine knew about me and saw me. 

I was scared of coming back, taking his life, meeting my family, letting me be seen. So I hid in his skin. I played his part again. I ignored the only witness who knew about my existence. I abandoned her. Miraculously she never gave up on me. She always stood there waiting for when I returned. And I did, and I love her and she loves me. And he's right. I'm not alone, she will always be by my side. 

And now I will have them, too. 

She hesitated on some pronouns by half of her talk. I still won't ask her yet. Luis and Miguel will be a piece of cake from now. 
Everything from here seems so easy. The changes are now welcome.  

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, April  4, 2016
Date: 2016-04-04
Num Words: 761
Num Minutes: 20

"Yesterday I told my dad. I'm fine. I'll see you this Wednesday. Will I pay you something extra for the report?" 

I sent him the message this morning. He asked me to tel him when I talked with my dad. Was he worried for me or was he expecting it for the report? 

There are a a couple of blank sheets of paper besides me, on top of the Human Development text book. 

I asked Hilda if she took the class about child psychopathology. She enlisted for me the tests they reviewed in that class. I have their names and authors. As they used them for the battery of their own patients, there ought to be a way to get them. I don't have to look for them just now. Tomorrow I'll meet with the parents and offer the evaluation. 

I don't have to offer them anything. They are the ones who are consulting me. They looked for me. They looked for somebody and Lili sent them my way. They are asking for my services. They are the ones reaching out, not me. 

I can name my own price and they have to decide if take it or not. I won't be offering, just naming it. How much is my work worth? I know my last work was higher than 250 pesos. Five labor days of the minimum wage here in Mexico. I researched and graded. 

None of my colleagues would do what I did. I used a test even some of my teachers don't know. 

Nothing will I gain for throwing myself flowers. They might deny me or just don't come back. Patients always leave. Last night I rehearsed how I would talk to them, explain how would things go. I talked towards my white wall as if he could give me feedback. "Yeah, that's great. Sure you will get them. You are awesome". 

I had a headache. This pulsing pressure just inside of my forehead. I had told Anahi what had happened. I had a conversation over the phone with Catherine. My voice was calmed and tired. I wanted to cry as I changed the sheets before lying in bed. 

I visited her today. I took Miguel to the gym. My mother was supposed to be at the salon but as I came down from the shower I met her sitting in the kitchen table. I drove him anyway. I shaved and wore a bra under my shirt. I didn't feel the need to put on make up. 

I don't think I'll wear any Wednesday either. I know I will cry with Rene. What will I wear Thursday? How should I meet the dr? I think about going as androgynous as I can. Jeans and a t-shirt and the black long sweater. 

I'll think about that later. Today is 4th. Just three more days. Yesterday I told my dad. Tomorrow I will have my second consultants. The day after that I will receive my report and then, the appointment. 

I am nervous. I am scared. I won't deny it. I am anxious, too. Excited as I have ever been. 

"I don't know if we're not talking again. Months ago when I told my mom I wrote to you. Yesterday I talked with my dad. You might not care, I felt like telling you anyway." 

I talked with her ghost as I was driving in the freelane from dropping Miguel to Catherine's house. I said that line and turned as if I could see her. More than a hundred and fifty days with a break inbetween. I deleted her from my contacts. Both my mother and brothers still have her. She might had seen the pictures from them. Has she noted my absence? Does she care? 

"Do I change the name I have in whatsapp?" 

I had thunk about changing the picture, the name. Putting on Sofia, setting an even more feminine snap of my face. 

What would I gain? My contacts know already. In my cellphone the names of my contacts appear as I have them in my address book. Nobody might even notice. Do I feel nervous still? What is it that scares me? 

I put on Sofia in snapchat. My aunts possible saw it. 

Does my mother have me in Whatsapp? Does she even use it? Does Jessica? Hilda? 

I won't create a new Facebook until I take the first pill. I have decided that. I don't know how will it work. 

If I change the name, would Monica notice? Would I sent her a message still? 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, April  5, 2016
Date: 2016-04-05
Num Words: 803
Num Minutes: 20

"Confirming today's appointment at 1" 

When I read her message I sensed I had made a huge mistake not confirming to them. 

I woke up several times in the morning. The first times where around 8. I looked at the phone and saw a couple of notifications. Monica had answered my message. I did send it. I had changed the name and the picture. "I feel weird, I don't know, like exposed, vulnerable". The feeling wasn't enough so I reached out for her. In the morning I saw her "what did he tell you?". 

Catherine and Anahi said other things about tomorrow's visit. I will see her after my session. I don't feel like parking far away and walking the couple of blocks to Rene's. I don't know if I should shave tomorrow or until Thursday. Tomorrow I know I won't wear any make up. I plan to cry tomorrow, to tell Rene and tell him my worries and cry, because I feel like doing that. I am nervous and a little scared. I told my parents, they know, they are assimilating it. Miguel might suspect it and I doubt Luis has no idea. There is no reason any more for the report to not be tomorrow. Without its absence and the lack of my parents knowledge, I don't know what may make the endocrinologist to reject me for treatment. 

I have my father's words stuck in my ear still. What will Rene say? Will he say something about me reaching out to Monica? I don't feel guilty about it. I did nothing wrong. Why don't I tell Catherine? 

What will I wear, both tomorrow and the day after? What image do I want to give to the dr? How do I want him to see me? I shared with Catherine my worry and uneasiness about asking for Ivan's appointment for Hormone Replacement Therapy. On top of that, will I meet them with skinny pants and a made up face? Do I want to be a walking contradiction? What voice will I use? I listened to today's audios from when I was driving home. The voice is different to the one I hear inside of my own head. It's different to the one I imagined when I didn't dare to listen. 

What was I going to wear today wasn't such an enigma. I took the square printed pants from the closet yesterday. The shirt was still undecided but unimportant. I showered. Did I shave? What would be the point to that? I don't think so. Exiting the wet room I put on the underwear and pants. There was no bra. It felt like a skipped step in a habitual routine. I didn't shave the face either. I had more time than I thought I would need. 

I kept chatting with Monica and exchanging funny pictures with Eusebio. I waited for the time of the meeting with my consultants. I rehearsed what I would say the last couple of days. It wasn't really a surprise when they didn't show up. I had thunk about it. I told Catherine how I felt different this time. I remember when I was waiting for my first paying patient. She was late and I started getting anxious. I feared her abandonment. As my heart ran faster and faster and my mind filled with sadness and self-pity I heard her greeting. 

I knew this time wouldn't be the same. If they didn't show up, yeah, of course it would be a disappointment but the world would not end. 

Just now I turned towards the door and remember another of my father's words. "Don't bury yourself in your room. Don't isolate yourself. I remember asking you what was wrong. If something had happened". Was it guilt? Did he feel guilty about my melancholy? He is not a bad father. He has never been nothing less of ideal. 

I arrived to Liliana's. 

No, I was talking about earlier than that. I tied my hair tight in a bun behind my head. I sent a picture marked as "today I will be a boy". It was fine. It didn't hurt. I got to the gas station and was greeting by a sir, and mr, and young man. They didn't hurt either. I didn't enjoy them, but I certainly did not mind. 

I was with Liliana, chatting, waiting. She would be my secretary for the day. 

They just didn't show up. She will cal them. She might refer me another patient later. A young teenager. 

I... I feel fine. And yet my leg is restless. 

And my thoughts bouncing from here to there. I keep thinking of tomorrow's session and Catherine's house. Then it's finally three months after my birthday. The day I waited for so much. The day is closer than ever. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, April  6, 2016
Date: 2016-04-06
Num Words: 752
Num Minutes: 23

I received a message from Johanna. I remember my picture and the changed name. I know that maybe not in every phone it will appear the change. Did it in hers? Has she noticed? I scanned through her words for a mention of it and yet nothing appeared. I read it superficially and ignored it. 

I had the phone over my bag beside me in Rene's couch. I was talking to him when it kept ringing and ringing. I had it outside because of what happened earlier while I was showering. 

Yesterday Catherine and I talked about Monica. The comparison and parallels between the time we started dating and continued talking with Monica and Anahi's relationship with Ricardo and his ex-girlfriend Carmen. 

"Will you tell me when you talk to her? I'm not asking you to tell me what you talked about. Just, you know, not hide it". 

I kept silent. I hate 

her? 

I put the song I used to repeat while we were exchanging videos on youtube. I hate you. Catherine looked at me. I had told her about Monica before Anahi arrived. 

I woke up today and skipped the alarms one by one. I didn't have to get up until 11. Tomorrow will be another story. Tomorrow... 

The day is here, now. I am nervous as hell. My head keeps looking for reasons why everything might turn to shit. 

I took my clothes to the bathroom, brushed my teeth. Did I touch myself today? I stayed in the shower room, my hair dripping wet. I did. I finished and exhaled. 

I shaved, too. I decided to skip the bra. I did wear Catherine's pants with a t-shirt and a hoodie. When I came down from the bathroom, there was a notification on my phone. Two missed calls. The application that shows me the name of the registered number showed "Francisco Magallanes". It was just one number different to the one I called three months ago. It was his office. Were they confirming the meeting? Maybe something changed? I returned the call twice. The weird sound of old routers answered me. I hung up. 

I waited outside Rene's office. I was early. I parked my car. 

...
I'm fixating on the past. Is it that I am reluctant to think about the future? I am on an edge and yet I'm talking about today. I could summarize it in a couple of sentences. I received a message from Johanna. Rene gave me my report. I went to Catherine's and Anahi was with us later in the evening. That's it...

Tomorrow I have an appointment with the endocrinologist. I will have to wake up in the morning and get ready and go to a clinic I've never gone before. I will tell a complete stranger my secret. I will hand to him a report with the information that took me months to be able to tell my own father. In his hands lies my future. He can deny me and I'd be lost. He can say no to me, tell me to wait. 

I don't know how doctors treat people like me. He might be kind and nice, he might be an asshole and a bigot. 

I don't know. I don't know what will happen in his office, what will I say, what will he? 

Whenever I arrive, will the secretaries guide me to his office? Will I have to wait a lot? Will I wait to see him? Will I wait for treatment? Will it be weeks? months? 

Just thinking about it makes me feel nervous. I am anxious. The report states that I am fine dealing with frustration, I know the treatment will be multidisciplinary, I know it will be long and slow. 

I know, I do know. Why do I keep ignoring it? I want to start. I want to stop disfiguring myself. Two years have passed already. I went and returned from Europe. I went and returned from this. I've told my parents, I've changed my name in the phone. 

I fear not being able to get up in the morning and yet I think I won't be even able to sleep. 

Thoughts keep spinning and spinning inside of my head. I feared not telling my dad and that is done. I was scared of Rene not giving me my report. I have it in my bag, ready and signed. The appointment has come. The only thing left is waiting. Going and facing him. 
Wait and see. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, April  7, 2016
Date: 2016-04-07
Num Words: 856
Num Minutes: 29

I was drowning in nervousness. Three alarms were set in my cellphone. The first one woke me at 6 in the morning. I stayed awake until minutes before the second one. The first rays of sunlight ignited my anxiety. Today was going to be the day which I had waited for all year. What would happen today? 

My mother and Luis left home. I took the clothes that I had set aside and walked upstairs to the bathroom. I showered and shaved. Closely I tried to get every single hair. I didn't want them to see me as a man. I wanted to be surprised, be unrecognizable even though they would not know me. I wanted to look like a woman to fool them when they asked for my name. 

And I did put them on. I shaved with my bare torso. I stepped out and returned to my room topless. In my room I hooked my bra in my back. I looked into the mirror and accepted the image. I even did my hair that way. It's the longest I've stayed like that. 

I did put make up. It was subtle just a hint to hide the darkness of my face. A little to open my eyes. My voice was kept the same. 

I drove. I knew the way, I had checked it the day before. 

"Ivan... with the change of name, will there be a way to change your diploma? It's done. There ought to be a way, doesn't it?" 

I took the wrong turn. No, I actually missed it. It was raining. I changed my shirt home. I ended up going as I would had gone to the Universal Studios hadn't I forgotten my sweater. 

After circling around I got there. The problem was now finding where to park. Another round and I did. Walking in the rain, my hands were shaking with fear. What was I scared of? 

"I have an appointment with the Dr Magallanes..." 

She confirmed by that name and gave me a piece of paper to fill with my information. 

A group of people entered to the waiting room and the receptionist gave them a similar one. "It's a problem with their identity" said one of them. "It's because they don't know who they are..." he kept going about someone they know who never had a girlfriend. Were they talking about that because of me? Hearing steps from the other side of the door made my heart race. 

When it finally was for me, I was relieved that the receptionist didn't call out my name. Whatever they thought about seeing me there, it wasn't confirmed by the "you can come in, sir" or "Ivan Fernandez? The dr will see you now". 

"So, what can I do for you?" and so it began everything. There were questions and confirmations. "The matter of the name", I said it. He changed it in the file. Everything went smoothly and cordially. It was actually nice meeting him. 

"How did your parents take it?" They actually took it very well. I confirmed it when he asked the next question. "There is no violence, right?". 

Fuck. Sometimes I forget that some people do fear being hit and thrown out of their homes. 

There was something before that, before leaving. I put the Daily show because of the glimpse I caught when I asked my father to move the cars. "Transgender people" said the captions. The whole theme of the show was about people like me. "How does it feel being the focus of such hate?, let's find out". That was what my father saw yesterday. 

He checked me, physically. He didn't ask me to undress, although he did see my bra. "Do you have breasts?, or is it the bra? ...oh you fill it... well, they come like that". 

"Have you taken hormones before?" "Perfect, it's really good that you brought these, because I was actually going to send you for one. Now we can start with the medical procedure..." 

After the examination, back in the chairs and the desk, he took a piece of paper and filled with the information of the test I will take. 

Tomorrow I will get my blood drained. An analysis of hormones and other shit. How am I. "Let's see how you are so I can pick the best treatment for you". 

I am scared and nervous. I am surprised that I haven't cried. 

I told Johanna. I replied to her messages. I told her about me, how I'm feeling, how I felt. She... she didn't answer. 

My parents know about my tests. They were to the bank. My father wanted to call and ask for the price. He asked me for the order. I gave it to him. Sofia Fernandez said in the top. Did he see? 

Maybe, probably. 

Will it hurt me? 


My next appointment is the 15th. It will be in the morning. The hour is pending. That day he might give me the prescription. 

That actually might be the date. I don't know which of those days, tomorrow or the 15th, scares me the most. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, April  8, 2016
Date: 2016-04-08
Num Words: 809
Num Minutes: 22

I have high cholesterol and and a high level of blood glucose. My linfocites are a bit high, too, but almost insignificant.

My testosterone levels are in the normal range but high up there. I told Catherine, if they were low, it could mean a reason for my behavior. It they were high, that would mean the changes coming from lowering them would be drastic. 

Why do I feel like shit, then? 

She's right. I have done a lot for me, I should forget about the world. I went to the endocrinologist, I did the analysis. Now it's just waiting a week so he will give me something. Will he tell me to lower my cholesterol first or the glucose? I am in a risk state of diabetes. I don't drink soda, I don't eat candies. 

That is not what has been worrying me. 

I began writing avoiding the idea of starting narrating the day, and yet I haven't even mentioned what's on my mind. 

Yesterday the dr wrote the order for the studies by my name. I felt glad. It was different, for the first time I had something physical with that name. I am that, this person, I thought. There was a hint of fear, though. At first I just attributed it to my distaste for needles. I slept so little it barely almost counts. Time passed so slowly between 3am and 6. I checked the phone maybe 20 times hoping the alarm were far away. 

I imagined this room almost empty, a receptionist and an exam room. Nothing more... just one person who would know about me. 

From my seat in the parked car I could see the place. There was a man standing in the door. Three receptionists in the counters and several people in white coats walking from a place to another. Various patients were there already, waiting. 

The order said Sofia. I didn't put it. I wouldn't dare to write it and present it. I had a bra under my shirt but it wasn't enough. I shaved yesterday so I skipped this morning. I wouldn't put make up on my face for a half hour. 

The man from the door asked me several questions. Day of birth, age, when the time came to the sex, he skipped it. I was interested in seeing what he would put. He hid the table from me. They would call my name so I sat. They sure did. After calling everyone before me by their full name, my turn came. 

"Patient Fernandez Lozano?" 

I raised my hand shyly. I heard the doubt in her voice. 

Just remembering this I feel the tears clouding my vision. Before reading the results I was excited and thrilled. What changed since then? Is it really the cholesterol and glucose? Am I ashamed because I should be healthier? 

I had seen the answer by then. I looked towards the paper and saw the M. 

"Excuse me, what's your name? ..." 

Did I really have to answer it? I was scared, I wanted to run. It was just a fraction of a second. "Is it Sofra?". 

I smiled, as trying to tell her "no, I know it's stupid, I'm sorry, it wasn't my intention, the dr wrote it down. I know I don't deserve it yet". Instead, my lips told her "Sofia". 

"Sofia, yeah, right." She gave me a bottle to be filled with urine and asked me if it was my first time going to that lab. She gave me a card of discounts. My name is written in its back. I was excited about that, too. 

Exiting from the bathroom I gave the full bottle to a woman who extended her hand to reach it. "They will call you in a minute" she told me in the masculine formal 2nd person. She didn't see the name. How funny that then it was what hurt me the most, and now after everything, it's the encounter that I least think about. 

I waited in my chair trembling of fear. Another woman grab the last piece of paper remaining and called my name. I stood up and followed her. She took my blood. It didn't hurt as much as I remembered it would. 

Everything was over really fast. I drove home. The results would be online after 5pm. They were since 2 in the afternoon but I checked them just an hour ago. 

And there it was, my name, by birthdate and my gender. 

The card with my name will always be attached to that information. I will always be masculine. It doesn't matter what I put in my body or the changes I will experience. To them I was, and always be, the man with a female's name. I am the man named Sofia and that is what's been hurting me the most. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, April  9, 2016
Date: 2016-04-09
Num Words: 778
Num Minutes: 27

I wrote my words early yesterday. It was in the early afternoon, 5 o'clock, I think. I wanted them to be done so I could stop worrying about it and just go to sleep. And so I did. I talked about what were on my mind, the initial shock about seeing the sex marked as masculine just besides my name. It was confusion. I would had put it anyway. Even if asked I would not had lied to them. Even if put female I would had corrected them. So what was it really the thing that made me upset? 

I kept going back to being there, recalling their words, their faces and reactions. The questions of the guy, the way they called my name, how I was seen again and again. The M made sense. The question about my name. They saw me as me, the real me. Not the me I sometimes ramble about. The transgender person me. 

Every person who saw, not just me but my file too, noticed. The first thing seen was the in-congruence. I was Sofia but a man. A man with a woman's name. The receptionist confirmed it. They gave me the card anyway. They didn't ask for my "real" name. They were nice. What would I had preferred? 

And so I kept thinking over and over: my file will always be the same. I will always be on their archive as Sofia Fernandez Lozano, born on january seventh of 1993, and male. My age will keep changing, but it won't matter the hormones or physical changes I get, my file will always have "Male" as it will always have my birth date. 

I will always be a man with a woman's name. To them, at least. 

With that thought I went to sleep as soon as the clock marked 7. An hour or two later I woke up and eat three tacos. Then would I get back to bed. And I slept and dreamed. 

I woke in the early morning and typed my dream to Catherine. Anahi was driving a car and I was with her, just the two of us. We were supposed to be in the United States but when I looked out of the window I recognized Tijuana. She lied to me and said we were going to be to Ikea so she could buy a gift for Catherine and me. she admitted to me that we were in Tijuana and we would cross soon somewhere near, she took this path because it would be faster. I asked her if we could go to Target. She accepted telling me how she had said before she really like the clothes there, maybe she could buy something. I told her I wanted to buy something as well. Anything, I didn't really mind what. I had this need of having something feminine, validating, as if a garment of clothes could change the way I were feeling. 

I started feeling this tingling between my legs and went down. The familiar sensation of nearing climax. I had no stimulation, the thoughts were sad, the feelings were the opposite of erotic. I was surprised, confused and ashamed. I tried to cover my pants with my arm so she would not see. I put the left one over my left leg as it started to get wet. I turned and, before seeing her reaction, woke up. 

In a rush I checked myself with my fingers. Nothing, if I were fast enough I could go to the bathroom and avoid something embarrassing. 

It was then that I recalled the scene. Again I was on the left seat and yet was the copilot. Anahi was driving the car as if it was a British one. 

Today we went to the United States. We ate in Denny's. I told both of my parents the results of my test. I've decided to take more care of what I eat. I could go to run or do something physical. I want to lose weight, be smaller. I want to be healthy. 

I ate salmon and vegetables, a bowl of soup and one taco. I've drunk unsweetened iced tea, a tall cup of iced coffee and glasses of water. 

Will those changes last? Even with time will they have an effect? 

I am terrified of staying the same. It doesn't matter how much I lose weight I keep getting it back. It doesn't matter how different I look I returned. Maybe that has to do with what has been scaring me. 

I have my new glasses on. They're smaller and clearer. I actually like them unlike the pair I chose here. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, April 10, 2016
Date: 2016-04-10
Num Words: 779
Num Minutes: 22

The day before I had slept more than I should. Yesterday I woke up early to go to the United States. Was it really yesterday? Yes, today is Sunday, the last day of the week. I went to bed but could not fall asleep. I was chatting with Catherine on the phone. Around midnight I stopped answering her texts and turn around. I needed to sleep, otherwise I would wake up late and fall into another insomnia cycle. 

After one in the morning the dog from the house next street started barking. An exchange of sounds between the dogs in the neighborhood. I could barely hear the answers it received, but its responses were as loud as if it were lying besides my own bed. Half an hour, maybe a little more I could not take it anymore and stood to close the window. Even then it was difficult for me to catch slumber. 

I woke up before my father arrived from his morning coffee. I heard the sound of his pick-up, the rattling of the keys in the keyhole, and the murmurs of the paperbags over the table. 

I ate my breakfast trying to take more time than I am accustomed to. I measured my bites before taking them. Leave the food on the table until you're finished with your mouthful. I drank a glass of water with it. 

Nobody but me and my dad were in the living room. Miguel was still asleep, Luis, too, maybe. My mother was upstairs. Before coming back to my room my mom came down. I lied down under my sheets and went back to sleep. It was a rest so delicious I would pay normally to have it every night. 

From eleven in the morning until one in the afternoon I slept and dreamed. 

I showered and visited Catherine in her home. I decided not to shave. I used the machine but it's useless. I had thunk about wearing a bra but it was pointless, too. I asked my dad to move the cars and drove. I have returned from there. We watched netflix on her room. I touched her and she made me cum. We kissed over and over. 

I feel weird and I told her just now. 

I was hungry, we shared a bag of chips. I ate a slice of pizza and half of a portion of spaghetti. Over there I drank nothing but water. I should be proud, I was taking care of my eating. I could be losing weight. Coming here, though, I did save the ciabatta my parents bought me into the fridge. Nonetheless, with a fork I devoured more than half of an order of spaghetti. I am full, now. I have nothing to be proud for today. 

That's not it. She talked with me yesterday about my reaction to the blood results. She's right. I've gone to the endocrinologist. I took the tests. Now it's just waiting. Next week I might get the prescription. It might start sooner than I would have thought. The weight is no longer in the years or even months. 

Why do I feel empty and hollow? 

I haven't call to the laser place. I have to do that still. I received the mail for picking up the certificate of my Honor's mention. I have to make an appointment with the doctor so I get my license. I haven't gotten any news about neither of the two trips I might do this year. 

After the prescription, what is it? I take my pills and then what? Just wait for the changes. It will be different, though. I will had already started with the changes. A wait before then means prolonging the change, staying here, in the limbo. After that day, the days keep counting, one by one will be increasing into weeks and months. Little by little will I change. Every step I'll be closer. 

What is it, then? Why ain't I excited? Why do I feel the days so void of anything? It feels like there is nothing in here, nothing to do, to eat, to see. I came back to bed so the tomorrow could come earlier. 

I told Catherine tomorrow I would call the laser place. I have to, I will. I'll make an appointment whenever they have a chance. 

"Catherine, I don't know when it will happen, but would you like to be with me when I take my first pill?"

She wasn't expecting that question. 

The more I think about that moment, the more I let myself be excited I get nervous and paranoid somebody is planning something to take it away from me.  

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, April 11, 2016
Date: 2016-04-11
Num Words: 761
Num Minutes: 19

Days keep coming and going. Yesterday I lamented the hollowness of my days and the difficulty of waiting for empty days to end. 

Just today I've filled my week completely. In the morning I woke up with the rays of the sun illuminating my bedroom. I was tired and exhausted, I longed for more minutes of rest. The calm of sleep and the comfort of the dark silent were seducing me with their charms. I wasn't able to sleep, though. A couple of minutes past and I gave up. It was 9, maybe a couple of minutes shy of 10. I checked for the number of the laser place, and its schedule. I could call but it was too early. I talked to Catherine and commented her my fear. 

"I want to call but there is something impeding me to. I get frustrated with myself. I hate being this coward". 

She told me I could call by 11;30. I stayed in the couch and watched tv. I want to eat less. I want to lose weight, be slender. I want my muscles to atrophy and disappear. I want my beard to be gone. I gathered the courage to dial the number and call. A mechanical voice in my cellphone warned me I had no credit. Right... 

Those seconds gave me a chance to be caught up by my own fear. I grabbed the house phone and call from there. I have the appointment. Tomorrow noon. She offered me 11 or 12. I picked midday. She advised me to shave today. No cream or anything, just my face clean and ready. I am scared. I have been applying kanka to my mouth sore to get accustomed to the pain. "A rubber band slap to the face" they describe it. It's heat penetrating and burning a hair follicle, several at the time. 

It's a little pain but it'll make this shadow disappear. It's the beard what screams masculinity. I don't mind my face, I don't even mind much of my body. It's the facial hair that I compulsively cut and hide. 8 or 10 sessions. There is a finite number to it. There is a clear start and finish. I have a date. Tomorrow I'll go and start and a couple of days or weeks later I will see the hairs shedding and falling. When they return a month later I will have another session and they will be gone, too. Every one will leave less hairs than the last, every one will be less painful, too. 

I received a message in whatsapp asking if I was the Dr Ivan. I freaked out. It was just a number with a stranger's picture but I knew instantly of whom it was. It wasn't the fear of making an appointment with a patient or the potential of being abandoned again in the consultory, no, this time it was something else. 

I never imagined being contacted my patients via whatsapp. I have Liliana presenting me and referring patients as the Dr. Ivan. And then they put this number on the phone and dial as I dialed to the laser place and three months ago to the endocrinologist office. Of course, as I have no credit in my phone I couldn't receive the call from the United States. So they put the number of the "Dr Ivan" in their phone and see the contact of Whatsapp of this Sofia Fernandez. I had changed the picture of me with a blouse and red lipstick to one a little more androgynous. But even then, which name appeared on their phone? 

It didn't matter. I answered back and set the meeting. I'll be seeing them this thursday at 6 o'clock in Liliana's office. I have the interview ready from the last patient. I could do some research on some tests for teenagers. 

This Wednesday I'll see Rene and talk to him about my meeting with the endocrinologist. I can talk of the waiting, the getting up early and getting ready. Getting lost in the traffic and then the rounds looking for a parking spot. The excruciating waiting in the waiting room, signing the initial sheet and answering the appointment as Ivan. The chat of the people outside, the change of name inside, the comments, the analysis... The day later when I would take the order with Sofia on the name. The fear and anxiety. The uncomfortable kindness of the professionals and seeing the results. 

I'll have tomorrow's session to talk about, too... 

What will happen? Will I endure the pain?


------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, April 12, 2016
Date: 2016-04-12
Num Words: 811
Num Minutes: 20

"why didn't you use the doorbell?" 

Several scorching hot needles penetrating and burning inside of my skin. 

Tomorrow I'll see Rene. I can go to the pharmacy, too. No, I have to do it. There are just two pills left. I ought to go and buy them. After that I will take Catherine out to eat. We will go to the restaurant near her house. 

"Sofi, sofi, I told Enrique how you already went to the endocrinologist and he asked me where. I told him to the Hospital del Prado. 'Oh, Magallanes? Francisco Magallanes?' and he started to fangirl for him and tell me he was the best endocrinologist of Mexico and I don't know what else. So I guess you're going through a good path?" 

I keep reading the stories about other people like me, the hoops they have to go through. I remember years ago when I read the procedures they kept talking about, and their first meetings with a gender specialist or an endocrinologist or their first laser session. I used to see those things so far away. Letter of recommendation, Informed Consent Clinics, blood tests... 

I used to wander through the trans timelines site and looked through people's pictures. I liked looking at the ones of passing people and marvel at their changes. They non-passing one made me feel uncomfortable. I didn't even look to the first ones, I just wanted to see the results. It was as if I wanted to reassure myself that there were people who were happy, who looked fine. 

Now, today, it feels so different. 

Tomorrow I'll see Rene for the first time before the endocrinologist. I have the report that Rene wrote for me. I called to make an appointment with the endo. I saw him and answered his questions. He has a file of me with my name on it. I went for the blood tests, I have everything ready to start. Just today I had my first laser session. I am just a prescription away from beginning my life. After that the only thing that's left is waiting. 

I made the appointment yesterday. I woke up with a fear of the pain I would have to endure. I showered and didn't know what to do with the extra time I had in the shower. I took my antidepressants and ate breakfast. I toasted one of the english muffins and fried an egg. I keep track of the food I eat in this neat app I installed on my phone. Yesterday, according to it, I ate 1650 calories. Today, with that breakfast, an apple, a popsicle and the plate of chicken salad I am still under the limit. 

Will I lose weight? I want to, I want to change, the hormones will do some job but they're not magic. I don't want to depend on them. I can manage my diet and exercise. I can go to the laser and keep blasting my beard off. 

I got ready and swallowed two advil before leaving home. After putting 350 of gasoline I went to the plaza. Even after stopping at the oxxo and the gas station I was way too early. There was a pharmacy in there. I asked for cell credit but said therapy instead. The lady over the counter was pretty. There was no system either. If the patient tries to call me I won't be able to answer her calls. 

There is still another day before the appointment. Tomorrow I can try again. 

I got the password of a wifi network and sent messages to both Catherine and Anahi. 15 minutes before my appointment I walked towards the place and hesitated to use the doorbell. I turned to wait a little longer and the lady came to open me up. 


I filled this sheet to her with my information. It was weird using this name and signature so different to the last one I used last week. The session was way shorter than I thought it would be, at first a lot less painful, too. 

The last places were the hardest. Under my mouth and my upper lip. There it hurt. My eyes watered and I couldn't answer her when she asked if it hurt. 

This morning Jessica answered the text I sent both to them about Catherine. It made me mad. I couldn't identify what about it upset me. I shared it with Catherine. 

"Hi, hi, I've been asking about her health and even apologized for not going yet. But yes, the problem was that the four of us could not agree on a time, nonetheless we will go just the two of us. 
About her loneliness I think it goes deeper than just the company, but it's not my business so I won't get into that. As soon as we go, we'll tell you, ok? ;)"

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, April 13, 2016
Date: 2016-04-13
Num Words: 759
Num Minutes: 22

I saw Rene today. There wasn't much new that I learned this session. 

This morning I didn't shave. Just a couple of minutes ago I was lying in the couch watching tv when I felt the beard getting stuck in the neck of my t-shirt. It's been weird. Since the meeting with the endocrinologist I haven't been wearing a bra every day or even applying make up. I've been dressing more androgynous even when not needed. 

There was a difference, this friday being received as Sofia, labeled as her, signed with that name to yesterday when I filled the contract and signed it as Ivan. 

He commented to me how I looked less anxious, more calm. It's as if everything is easier. 

It is. 

I showered and parked in the parking lot next to my high school. I walked the couple of blocks. I forgot to wear sunscreen. Will I be affected by the sun? Maybe my skin will stay tinted. Maybe the beard will never really fall. I won't shave tomorrow either. I have to dress formally, no, professionally, to meet the clients and their son. Or is it my client and his parents? 

I put credit to my phone in the oxxo near Rene's office. I grabbed a soda from the fridge and paid for everything. "Tell me your hair isn't really like that" "Yes, it is", I answered smiling. "I'm so envious. Mine is neither here nor there". 

Would had she said anything if I were wearing woman's clothes? If I had my face painted? Maybe it would had been awkward, she would be uncomfortable. Maybe she would had anyway. I didn't mind it. 

Leaving Rene's office I sent a text to Paola. She wrote me in the morning telling me she had news. There will open a new master program of neuropsychology in CUT. I commented her how UABC would give me a master program for free. I considered telling her about my meeting with the specialist. I could. I wanted to. 

I did walking down the stairs. "I have news, too", I had said before leaving my house. 

"Yesterday I sent you a snap that I had my first laser session. I'm getting rid of my beard forever. 

"Last week I had the first appointment with an endocrinologist." 

She was surprised and excited for me. She supported me and offered me any help she could give me. 

"It's another step that you're taking and I'm so so so proud of you and the beautiful and strong and intelligent woman you are"

I was surprised. It was a warm feeling inside of me. That is what support really is. She was kind and sincere. 

I stopped by the pharmacy to buy two bottles of antidepressants. I almost lost the parking ticket. A woman touched me by the shoulder to tell me. I thanked her with my money and bottles and card and wallet in my hands. I drove to Catherine's house. It's the first time in weeks we've gone out. We went to Gourmeli, the recently renamed Pomodoro by her house. 

I ate an oriental wrap with soup. She had a sandwich. I told Rene how I've been looking manly. Not manly per se, but, yeah... and it hasn't bothered me as much. I haven't shaved since Monday. Everyone today saw me as a man, for sure. This whole week. 

Tomorrow I'll have the session. It will be easy. I've done it several times. It's nothing new. They're paying me to do what I know to do. Everything will be fine. There is nothing to be worried about. 

We continued watching Netflix after returning to her home. Her parents and cousin were leaving to Costco. He still smiles when he sees me. Does he like me? 

We touched each other. We kissed. The house was alone after her uncle finished eating and we hung her father's uniform. We lied topless in her bed, caressing each other's bodies.  I finished in her hand several times. She stopped me the first time I was making her come. When I tried again, her aunt was just arriving. 

There is just one episode left of the series we are watching. I think about it, me lying my head on her stomach. She surrounds me with her arm and strokes my back. We're both watching, focused. The emotions of the characters, I can feel them. I can sympathize. It's not just understanding, I can sense his loneliness and pain. It's something new for me. I love sharing this with Catherine. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, April 14, 2016
Date: 2016-04-14
Num Words: 799
Num Minutes: 18

Catherine wrote a letter. It was not really a letter but a long heartfelt message. She wrote the feelings she's been hoarding for herself towards him. This idea of being lonely, the lack of reciprocity to organizing and moving plans to go see someone. 

I haven't shaved still. The hairs area coarse and black. Catherine describes them as "they look burn and thick". There is something, though. I feel they're growing slower. Yeah, they are long but not a week long. And besides, I can't really see the black shadow that marks the growing root. What will happen tomorrow when I shave them off? Will the skin look softer? Will it be smooth? 

I don't know what I will wear for tomorrow. I won't be able to meet Catherine and Paola in the morning. I know Paola will meet with her in her house. I was waiting for the doctor's receptionist to call me and inform me of the time of the appointment. I woke up by the alarm of the exercising app I downloaded the day before yesterday. I postponed it. I feel my body broken down, tired. Three days I've been exercising. The activities are not really hard. It's more the absence of condition because of not doing anything lately. It's just 7 minutes. 12 exercises of half a minute each. 10 seconds of rest intersecting each other. 

Even that is too much. I can't lift myself from the floor. I can't raise my head to my knees. I am not strong enough, not yet. It's not really the effort the activity needs from me, it's the lack of a goal. There is no goal, just a time. In those 30 seconds I have to give the best of me. I start with my best. Almost a squad every 2 or 3 seconds. I'm exhausted by the next activity. When it's turn of the push-ups, I can't do it. I can't do only 3 in the 30 seconds. Even one is a lot of effort. I might be able to do 7, maybe 10. But if I do those, I won't be able to do the next ones. 

They are just 30 seconds, but there is no goal. It's an unreachable finish line. Even 10, 12, 15, they will never be enough. With those setting I would never be able to feel victorious. It's an infinite loop of asking too much of me. 

I deleted the app and started another one. This one is easier. one set of 10, then 7 of the next exercise. When the circuit finishes, it's all over again. That's it. Done. 

I was washing the dishes when the phone rang. The voice of the receptionist greeted me and told me her business. She was calling to confirm the appointment of Sofia Fernandez tomorrow. The time would be 1pm. 

Afternoon. It's too late. It's fine, but I won't be able to meet with Paola. I could go in the morning to Cathy's house. Then, in the noon I would drive to the hospital, maybe the pharmacy and pick Catherine up. From there we could go to the school and to our own house next. It would be three different trips to her house. 

The most convenient thing to do is just go directly to the Hospital in the noon. I will give him the results and we will talk about them, he might prescribe me something or explain me the treatment. He maybe will ask me some questions or I don't know. Tomorrow I'll see. 

I wanted to go to the university to pick up the invitations if the ceremony of my Honor's mention. This time Catherine won't be my invited. Will my mom go or my dad? 

I told my mother I would go today but didn't. The plan was going tomorrow with Catherine, I could wait in line for both our turns. She could verify her documents and I ask for the invitations. From there we would be even. 

I am scared... no, it's not fear. I am nervous, excited of tomorrow. I didn't feel comfortable thinking about that because I had the meeting with the parents today. I wanted to get past that before thinking of what would come next. 

Now it's done. I finished the interview. I have all the data I need to start looking for and gathering the tests. Next week the application will start. Tests. Family, personality, maybe intelligence. 

Tomorrow. Tomorrow we will see Misfits again. 

Will tomorrow start the counter again? I don't want to wait for them, expect them. I fear that the more I want them, the larger is the possibility of they not coming. 

But I want them, and I expect them, even if I don't want to admit it to myself. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, April 15, 2016
Date: 2016-04-15
Num Words: 817
Num Minutes: 26

I, again, was nervous waiting to enter and meet him. My appointment was at 1pm. I woke up and showered. Yesterday I wore my long curly hair in a masculine bun. Green pants I haven't worn in a year and a shirt, was the attire I chose. I hadn't shaved either. My beard was days long. It was more than a stubble. Naturally Liliana kept calling me boy and guy. Ivan. There was a situation with the mother and my contact information. 

The whole week, this whole week, since Monday that I called to make the appointment with the laser place. Since that shave I had not presented feminine. Today I shaved that week-long beard. I had read how the shadow after the laser sessions is darker, more noticeable. I didn't care. I had my appointment with the endocrinologist today. There was a possibility of today starting hormones. I took a picture with my camera in front of the mirror. In my plans about today I contemplated the idea of going to the pharmacy to buy them. 

So there I was, looking for a parking spot. Everywhere was taken. I parked even further away from last week. There was no weird sights. No head turnings. I felt fine. Again, I entered through the wrong door. 

I asked the receptionist about my appointment 20 minutes before the time. I knew I would wait. It was fine. I sat and waited. 

There were lots of people outside, pharmaceutical sellers, I guess. A woman, older, with a younger one were seated beside me. 

When the clocked marked 1, I started getting anxious with every sound I heard from the other side of the door. The first time the receptionist opened the door, it was to call the other woman. I kept waiting. There were another 15 minutes before she opened the door for me. 

I was nervous about the results. He welcomed me and we started. 

Of course, the glucose and cholesterol. It was alarming, surprising, abnormal. He asked some questions. I answered honestly. He checked the glucose level with a little aparatus of his. Another prick. I wasn't scared. I took it. It didn't hurt, I almost didn't even feel it. 

When we returned to the desk he continued. He grabbed another order for studies and started filling it. I would need another one before starting with the treatment. He wrote his cellphone number in a little card and gave it to me. I was going to do the test directly from the hospital. I didn't need fasting. After the results we could agree on another meeting monday or tuesday. 

He talked a little about my options of blockers. "Your testosterone is a little high, we will block it with effort". There is the option of the gonadotropine blockers, to affect directly the Luteinizant hormone and cancel the creation of the testosterone. It's an injection once a month or every three months and the taking of the estrogen. The thing is that the medication is expensive. 

I've been growing more accustomed to the idea of injections but I don't think I'm really ready for that. 

I was dressed and made up. Even then, I decided to come home and pick up the discount card. The drive wasn't long. I got there and this time there were almost no anxiety. I was waiting for them to see what they'd put this time on the sheet. I didn't think about them recognizing me. Of course they would. How many transgender patients would they get? How many of us are even here? 

"A man with a woman's name". This time there was no awkwardness. Did the phlebotomist recognize me? Was she the same one? She welcomed me with a smile as I entered. After paying and sorting everything out, she invited me in. She always used feminine pronouns. She was kind and nice. For minute, I actually forgot feeling like a freak. Did she wrote the Masc in gender or was the other woman checking my information from the computer? 

She asked me some questions and then drew my blood. This time it was only a little bottle. It was over before I knew it. The results will be ready tomorrow morning. I want to wake up early and pick them up myself. 

I drove from there to Catherine's house. I discarded completely the idea of going to the university. I was, I guess, a little disappointed. That's what I feared mostly. 

Chevo and Jessica were already there. 

"Oh, Ivan, I didn't know who was entering" 

Chevo and Jessica told us what's been up lately. They almost broke up. 

I told them about my analysis. Jessica asked directly what they were for and I lied to her. Why did I do that? 

I could had told her. I decided not to. It's my decision, but even then, why do I feel guilty? 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, April 16, 2016
Date: 2016-04-16
Num Words: 839
Num Minutes: 45

I picked up the results. The alarm was set for 8 in the morning and then every thirty minutes. My father came home late at night with Luis and I assume he went even later to pick Miguel up from his party. It was nave to think I would had needed to race for the bathroom. 

I wanted to shave, I thought about wearing make up. Why? I discarded the idea. I did shave. A couple of black spots came with the water rinsed from the razor. That wasn't enough, though. 

I was nervous as I drove there. I had to wake up my father and ask him to move the car. Exiting his bedroom he asked me "where are you going?" "I'll pick up the test results from yesterday. 

I was nervous as hell. I had told Catherine, it wasn't the idea of being diabetic that scared me. Not really. I went twice in a week to draw blood. I think I passed that fear. It's not the needles that scare me. It was the risk of not being able to change. Being delayed again. Maybe he would tell me that I need to lower my glucose level for a few months before starting. 

I thought about a hundred things in the couple of minutes I drove. I parked a couple of spaces ahead of the lab. I wasn't dressed femininely but I wasn't in guy's clothes either. There were more people than yesterday afternoon, but there were fewer workers. There was no guard in the door and just a woman behind the counters. She was attending somebody and I hesitated at the door. She looked at me and said "I'll be with you (masculine) in a moment". 

It was a cold slap, not hurting, just, alarming. I sat and waited. 

I gave her my card and receipt. I went back to my seat. She just printed the results. I was nervous still but it was a weird kind of anxiety. 

She came to me, didn't call me. The receipt and card were behind the envelope. There were no exchange of words. It was like a mutual secret. Like a guarding of a secret information. Is this it? Is my own identity a secret? Why didn't I go as a girl like yesterday? I keep blaming the beard but that's not really it. My body is masculine, my face and complexion are those of a man. 

I started laser, I have written the date of the next appointment for a second session. I have to be patient. It will be a slow change. I know the shadow is darker, I know I won't note a lot of changes in the firsts sessions. 

I am desperate for starting the hormonal treatment, the feminization of my body and appearance. 

I am not diabetic. My glucose level is high still, yet the hemoglobin AC1 level was below the diagnostic range and even lower than the risk factor. 

I am ok, I guess. I'll keep watching what I eat and drinking mostly water. What will he say, though? 

He told me to send him a text when I got the results to ask him if he saw them. If he did or not, he would look at them and then set an appointment with me monday or tuesday. And so I did. I sent the text before leaving for the United States. He answered back a couple of cars before the border. That was the last answer I got from him. I sent him a response telling him I would be in San Ysidro so I might lose the signal. When I returned I sent him the last one telling him I was back and if he could not get the lab results I would send them to him by mail. 

I fear being too pushy. But, honestly, I am scared. I am nervous. I talk about it lightly with my parents, and yeah, I remember a couple years ago when being diabetic would be hell to me. Now it's scary but not that much. I am more scared about being literally trapped in this appearance. 

In the mail I got the package. I was expecting a box, but instead it was just a plastic envelope. I finally have the bag. I can stop using the one from high school. This is mine. 

We went to Costco and Target. I ate a salad and chicken nuggets. 

Catherine is in Mexicali. 

"We went to the plaza today. I entered a store with my mom. When I exited my dad said he saw a really weird gay wearing woman's clothes. "well, a man completely going as a woman, but with a man's butt"

I felt this cold slap again. An electric pulse from the tip of my toes crawling all the way to my hands. 

"He always makes comments like in a joke manner, the tone, without a hurting intention, like in a fun way to him. Today he was serious, like for himself"



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, April 17, 2016
Date: 2016-04-17
Num Words: 794
Num Minutes: 17

What was it that brought me down today? 

I slept a couple of hours just now. My uncle and aunt came to my house with my cousins. There was an alarm in the morning, 6am, maybe. I returned to bed and continued my sleep after the bathroom trip and seeing that my father came with his coffee and there was no breakfast. 

It was fine, I fried myself an egg and toasted and english muffin. I felt fine, there was no tiredness nor hopelessness. Yesterday I got no answer from the endocrinologist. I sent him three messages and got a response just from the first one. I am nervous about my results. What do they mean? They were urgent. He told me to do them just then. There was urgency in his voice. He gave me his cellphone. Why would he do that? He would tell me to see him monday or tuesday. 

I sent him a text message in the morning and his answer was that he didn't had them yet. 

Do I call him? Do I send him another one? Do I call his secretary? Why didn't he just tell me to set a meeting next week? 

I feel the wait as crushingly and heavy as the three months I waited in the beginning. It's different, though. Then, I knew when they would end. Now there is nothing else, the next time I'll see him it's almost sure that I will get a prescription. 

I don't have diabetes. My blood sugar is high but I'm not diabetic. 

My beard looks the same, darker even. It's frustrating. What it if no change happened? Was the pain for naught? It's just been a week. Less than that. All the forums talk about shedding occurring in the first couple of weeks. They don't even mention the first session. 

Why am I so desperate? 

Next week I'll go to the university. I have to set the appointment with the dr. to check my papers. I will pick up the invitations to the ceremony to give me my Honor's mention. That worthless piece of paper that just gives me extra reasons to be pitied by not getting a job. 

In a week the Game of Thrones show will start again. I might see Misfits with Catherine in her house, too. 

Wednesday I'll talk with Rene. I can tell him about my next visit to the endo, I will tell him about the urgent texts and the shame of contacting in his personal phone. 

Thursday I'll be having the first testing session with Hiram. That fourteen year old boy. I haven't looked for the tests I will apply to him. 

I'll be getting paid. I have been looked for my services. I should talk with Catherine about going to the university tomorrow. 

She at first told me how she thought I was exaggerating with the results of my first tests. "Being pre-diabetic". I am not fat. I am just overweight. I remember the reactions of my godmother and Jessica when we were in Las Vegas. 200 pounds was marked in the gigantic weight scale of the restaurant. I was the first person to weight themselves. "No, it has to be wrong, you don't weight that much". 

I do. I did, I knew that. 

So, me freaking out about being sick, about having a reason for being denied treatment, it was the nightmare I was so hoping to not meeting. Maybe she took it personal. She weights more than me. I am freaking out about this health condition, does it mean that I consider her extra un-healthy? 

I am still tired. I want to return to bed and continue sleeping. I don't know what to do to make time crawl a little faster. But what will it do? I had my second appointment two days ago. I should had started the day before yesterday. I am on extra time. Because of my blood, because of those numbers. Is it the food I eat? Is it the drinks? 

What can I do? 

I didn't do today's exercises. What will happen if I skip a day, will I be able to do them tomorrow? 

Catherine told me I could just wait until tomorrow for his call. It's the weekend. He doesn't care about his patients these couple of days. 

After that, if I get nothing, I could call the receptionist and make another meeting. I won't be a first patient. I might get a closer one than the end of May. 

But, but... I don't know. 

"If you don't want to wait, you could just call him directly, by phone, by voice, then you would get your answer instantly." 

And I feel I am free falling with nowhere to grasp myself. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, April 18, 2016
Date: 2016-04-18
Num Words: 780
Num Minutes: 17

He is not ignoring me. He is not abandoning me as a patient. A couple of non responded messages don't mean I will never see him again. 

What is it that scares me about talking to his secretary? I fear the appointment will be far away. The first time I called she asked me first if I was a first time patient before telling me the date. 

After the first meeting, he told me to say to her to put me for Friday. He picked the day. I might just wait a couple of days more, it might be a week, it might be months. 

Waiting for him to answer meant seeing him today or tomorrow. There is no chance still of me receiving a call from him to see him tomorrow. So it doesn't matter. 

I want to stay in the present, for a moment I want to forget the past and ignore the future. Can I focus for once on how I am feeling just now? 

This is life, not what I've lived nor what awaits for me. Just now. Here. 

I feel sad and tired. It's barely 9 o'clock and my head hurts. I'm reclined in my chair. I keep a glass of water with me right now, it's the fifth of today. 

I think of Catherine. She asks me if there is something she can do to make me feel better. And I honestly don't know. 

What do I want? I want someone to come and hold me. I want her to tell me by the ear that I look fine. No. 

I want to know that I will change soon enough. But that's not true either. 

I think about hearing how I am who I am. People seeing me how I should be seen. How I want to look. 

Today I shaved. No, I have my face clean shaven. My mother knows now the date of the ceremony of the university. Will she go with me? 

I'm drifting to the future. 

I have a credential with my name and an envelope with the last results of my blood tests. In there it says Sofia Fernandez and in Sex, Masculine is marked. That's who I am now. 

Talking about the past is talking about the man I no longer am. Talking about the future is talking about the woman I not yet am. 

Who am I? 

The phlebotomist talked to me nicely and with kindness. She spoke to me as if I were not a freak. Or didn't she? She was comfortable and used feminine pronouns. She made conversation and heard my answers. Was her kindness pity? Did she want to be nice to the little freak everyone talked about last week. Maybe she felt bad about what somebody said: that young person with a female name. 

I am thinking about the past again. And just now I might start writing about the wait for the next meeting or how tomorrow I will call to the receptionist and what I will say to her. 

Why do I keep running away from the now? Does it scare me? Does it scare to know how I feel this moment? How I look? 

The little hairs start shedding today. The first one came when I rubbed my upper lip before showering. Now my face is clean shaven, but there still are some dark spots. Will they fall? I can see the first changes. 

And yet I am not happy for the couple that have fallen already. No, I am excited for the ones that will disappear. 

So what? I might see the endocrinologist soon, and yeah, I'll go to the pharmacy and buy the pills and then take them. Another couple of pills that I'll swallow everyday routinely, a new daily habit that I'll cultivate. And what will I do then? Wait. Wait for more changes to come. Wait for my testosterone to drop, to the hairs to stop growing, wait for my face to change and my body, too. 

Isn't waiting what I am doing just now? 

This Thursday I will start with the application. 

The glass is still almost full. The ice cubes have all faded away. 

I put on a small t-shirt today, gray like the one I am wearing. It didn't fit. I'm bigger. I'm still broad. Today I did double the exercise. today's and yesterday's. 

Why do I feel like I will let Rene down? 

I wanted to tell him how I had started already. I haven't. I told him I felt better and more secure and confident. Now I feel worse than this whole month. 

A whole day stands between now and then. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, April 19, 2016
Date: 2016-04-19
Num Words: 793
Num Minutes: 28

I called again today. The clock in the phone said 8 in the morning when I was fully awake. I just awaited for the right time. Maybe somebody would be there. Maybe they would not open until later in the morning. I waited still. 

A couple of minutes past 10 I dialed the number of the business card. I was nervous. What date would they give me? I heard talking about lasts of may. I rehearsed the words I would use the night before. And like a character I said my lines when a female voice answered the phone. 

She asked for my name and phone number. She would give the endo my message and later would he return my call. I kept the phone in hand in case he would do it soon enough. By noon I was already thinking on a backup plan. At what time could I call him directly to his phone? 6pm. I could calculate that he would stop seeing patients in the afternoon. 6 would be late enough to assume he's free and yet sufficiently early to not worry about getting him busy in his personal life. 

I was bad. I felt frustrated and down and ridden of every bit of energy and will. 

Hilda was the one to send the first message. She shared with me the page of the newspaper where my name appeared in a list of the names of people awarded. Luz was in there, too. I asked her if she had gotten any news about our trip. No. She had lost all hope. Samantha said she went two months after her test. A lot more than that has past since ours. 

I knew confidently that that wasn't exactly true. The ceremony of the exam of november was much more late than the midsummer one. I thought about looking for the one of last year, compare the dates. When I got in the page of the organization that makes the test, I realized that the date marked in the bottom hasn't occurred yet. 

I sorted the names and there we were. Me, with the Fs, lower down was she and a little lower was Ana. The trip won't be in the capital as I had thunk. It will be actually in Jalisco, where I have gone before. Zapopan, the ends of May. Probably Catherine won't come with me this time. It's ok. Hilda talked a little about getting a bus and going somewhere near. We could pay just the return fare and visit somewhere near. 

It's not the same planning it knowing Catherine won't be by my side. Knowing nobody there will actually know my name. 

I made myself a sandwich of chicken salad and ate the first half watching television. The other half made me a little sick. I could think of nothing else besides the lack of answer by the doctor. Was he ignoring me? I had to talk about it, but with whom? 

Tomorrow I will see Rene. I could tell him. It's just another day. Why did I want to take the hormones before seeing him again? 

I sent Anahi a message. He might just be busy. He is an imminence in his field. The wait time between my call and my first appointment was of three months. Not even a week has passed. I had no reason to be scared. 

I feared he would call me and tell me he could no longer treat me. Maybe he would just abandon me as a patient. I would have to start all over again. Just thinking, writing about it made the tears roll and jump from my cheeks to the pillow bellow me. 

By four in the afternoon I was in the computer looking some tests to apply to my patient when I heard the ringtone. There was an unsaved number in the screen and the app marked Francisco Magallanes below. I answered in a high voice. The voice that received me was the one of the receptionist. It wasn't the same one that took my message. She was looking for Sofia. The doctor could see me tomorrow by 12:30, was it ok by me? 

Yeah, of course. I could cancel my session with Rene. After seeing him I would no longer need it. I sent him a text message. I didn't want to dial another number. After sending the message the phone rang again. No, it would be thursday instead of tomorrow, yeah, the same time. 

Rene answered me back. I apologized and told him that I could see him. 

Yesterday my dad called home. Everyone who calls always asks who is the one speaking. Is it Luis? Miguel? Me? Yesterday my dad asked, too. 

"Who is it, Laura?" 



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, April 20, 2016
Date: 2016-04-20
Num Words: 755
Num Minutes: 26

Tomorrow I will go to the endocrinologist. He sent me for another blood test. The blood test marks everything normal. Rene asked me too about the results. He said those were fine. "Do you think he will start you tomorrow?" I don't know. I honestly don;t know. 

I still feel a little guilty about my pressuring texts. He doesn't know how I was so desperate for his call. In his eyes I sent him only 4 text messages and a phone call to his office. The first one doesn't count because he asked for it. The second one was a response to his answer. The third one an offer. The fourth was monday, the first day of our potential meeting after a weekend of silence. The phone call was the last one. I called to his office and not his personal number, that should count for something. Will he be upset? He might be a little angry and maybe regretful of giving me his cellphone. 

Today I had my therapy session. I put on a t-shirt and the jogger pants. I'm still wearing Mickey mouse on my torso. 

In the morning I opened the cellphone and did the exercises of the daily app. I haven't printed the tests to apply tomorrow. I didn't confirm either. I guess Liliana had confirmed already or will tomorrow. My meeting with him won't be until the mid after-noon. I still feel the soreness of my abs. 

Tomorrow I'll see him, he will see me and say something to me. Will he give me the prescription now? Today is April 20th, tomorrow will be exactly two weeks since I saw him for the first time. Will I go to the pharmacy tomorrow? Am I still scared of being excited? I can't think of a reason why would he deny me treatment. I explained to Rene how his sense of urgency felt to me related to the idea of starting me now. He even took sometime to explain to me the options of the anti-androgens. 

Even now I still feel this need of avoiding the subject. I want to talk about something else. What else did I do today? What another thing could I write about? I have soon the ceremony in the university, I have to confirm to the EGEL site that I plan to go to Zapopan. 

Am I nervous about tomorrow? The other thing tomorrow, the one with the patient. The thing I keep postponing. I will get paid, though. That is always good. 

Today I visited Catherine after my therapy. I talked with Rene about yesterday, about this weekend. Why do I check and supervise my own feelings? I was relieved of having the appointment and a date unto which to place my waiting focus. And yet it was "bad", because I was desperate and hysterical and childish. 

But I truly was scared and sad and upset. 

I don't give myself permission to get excited and want it now. Because I'm scared of being denied. I'm scared of not getting it. And then what? What will happen when I finally get the prescription and start the treatment, then what? Will I give myself permission to be happy and enjoy it? Will expecting changes will magically mean that I won't get them? Should I stay stoically apathetic to the changes I will be experiencing? 

Tomorrow I will be alone with the patient. Projective tests, Dass 21 and the self-perception one. 

Everything is set. I should not be nervous. I am ready. I like this. 

I talked with Catherine today about how she is not. She is having her existential crisis. She doesn't like her career. She doesn't see herself working with this, doing her job. I was scared again. I could see her doubts, her paralysis. What if she stays this way? What if she has to stay? Will I go anyway? 

I am scared of living in Mexico alone. I am scared of looking for a place to live and out myself the firsts weeks because my id says a name and my face screams another. I am scared of doing the process of getting into the master and then having to explain "my situtation". 

I want her to be with me, I want her to help me. I wan her company and support. I need her. 

What if she needs something else? What if she can't? Will I be able to live my own life without her? Without anyone? 

Will I be able to finally live? 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, April 21, 2016
Date: 2016-04-21
Num Words: 784
Num Minutes: 34

I feel my nails long and awkward. I have been having them likes this since a long time, more than I week. Why is it until now that they started to bother me? 

I could feel the throbbing pain of my abs in the night. Every turn under mu sheets was a flinching prick inside my navel. This morning the app was merciful. A couple of squats, that was it. My legs are muscular, I've never had problems with them. My arms are not strong. I am a little bulk. I should be fat like Miguel, maybe it's my testosterone what makes it so easy for me to gain muscle. Testosterone can turn into estrogen. Is that why I look kinda feminine? 

He didn't ask for the estrogen in the blood test. Today I saw him finally. 

I woke up this morning with the meeting in mind. I even forgot about my patient. I was going to the hospital and return home. After a couple of hours I would be back out again. I worked. I gave him some tests, I have four tests to interpret now. Two of the easiest and two more qualitative. 

Do I even have the manual for them? 

I was not going to confirm. They would meet with Liliana before me, she would confirm the appointment. If they were to no show up, she would just tell me. 

Why am I avoiding the most important part of today? It's what I've been thinking and feeling. It was a rollercoaster. I will remember this day. This one, today, is the first day of my life. I'm a "transsexual" person now, in the local definition of the word. I've started transition. I took the pills with Catherine. I was on her bed, she gave me the water. 

As soon as I got up from bed, I picked the clothes I would wear. They had to be something feminine enough to be seen as a woman in the pharmacy, but masculine enough to be seen as a man by the patient in the afternoon. 

It's been weeks since I've worn a shirt and an undershirt underneath. I picked the red one. A matching pair of underwear of the same color. I have only one pair of clean jeans. They are man's but skinny enough to be ambiguous. I grabbed the black bra. I took all of the garments but the shirt with me to the bathroom. I laid them over the toilet. When I opened the door of my parent's bedroom to grab the towel I saw my mother lying in bed using her ipad. 

"You didn't go to school" I affirmed her waiting for an answer. Today was the preschool teacher's day. I returned downstairs for the shirt. 

I showered and shaved and curled my hair with my fingers and softened my face with make up. I hid in my room although I had no reason to. My mother knows about me. Why did I avoid her? 

She saw me anyway. A couple of minutes before I was supposed to leave she opened the door and told me she was leaving. Did she notice? Maybe. 

I used the correct door now. The guard asked me to sign in his sheet. At first I was scared that I would be asked for an id. The lady that came behind me told the man how she was seeing the dr Magallanes on the 12:20. She had her appointment before mine. I entered first, though. 

The receptionist welcomed me. She recognized me before I even said a word. "Take a seat, Sofi, the dr will see you in a minute". 

He explained the results to me, talked a little about them, asked me about my daily routine and then just gave me my prescription. He prescribed me some pills of diverse types of estrogen, anticonceptive pills for the cyproterone and  spironolactone. He knew my testosterone is on the roof. Even then the dosage is really low. I'll see him in 8 weeks. June 16th, noon. 

I'll be two months on hormones by the time I'd see him again. 

I know the cyproterone can worsen my depression. Was that the reason I started being anxious about the dosage? What if after two months nothing changed? What if the testosterone stay high and the estrogen just flows through my system? Will these two months be in vain? 

No. I have started. They will do something. 

Rest for 4 days a month. He's the expert, he's the endocrinologist who went to Harvard. I'm not even a med student. 

I should trust him. Just trust him and wait. 

Will I do the new Facebook page as I said? 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, April 22, 2016
Date: 2016-04-22
Num Words: 789
Num Minutes: 20

I woke up with the same 2 days old pain in the abs. It was early. I had put the alarm clock to wake me by 9 in the morning. I opened my eyes without its work. Today no sounds came from it. It was not needed. The exercise of today consisted in chest, push ups, three different kinds. Two circuits of three types of push ups, 7 each. 21 each circuit, 42 in total. 

Damn... 

I did the exercise first. I ate breakfast, I need it for this kind of pills. The dose is low enough, my body best absorb it as efficient as it can. I didn't fry an egg or something like that, those kinds of elaborate breakfasts I used to do. Even now, after returning from Catherine, the usual thing would be to see what they ate, look at the food and consider it. Of course I would not just eat, but sure I could try. There are two boxes of pizza. One slice would make no difference. How many calories would a single slice have? 200? 300? It's nothing. If I can eat one, I sure could eat two. 

I ate a bowl of cereal. It wasn't the special k I bought. I grab half a bowl of the Honey Bunches of oats. The rest of the milk that was in the container. I put an episode of Orphan Black and saw it lying in the couch. Until then did I took my pills. Forty milligrams of fluoxetine, twenty five milligrams of spironolactone, a little over half a milligram of a composites of estrogen, and a pill of a combination of estrogen and cyproterone. 

Catherine is right, I have started treatment. I feel like I'm cheating as I say that I've started. The dosage is even lower than the low ones I've seen on the internet. He said it himself: "we will have to really block your high levels of testosterone". 

I am just starting, these are the first months. It's just a start. I just need to have the levels of a woman. That's hard to accomplish when even now I have twice or even three times as much the testosterone as a random guy. 

Yesterday as I checked the order for the blood tests I could see the option to check the estrogen levels. I could just mark it. Maybe I could send him a text asking him if I can. I just want to know how I am. I know the dosage is really low and first we have to abolish the testosterone, but I am just curious. May I order it? 

I remember the "low" doses some people start with, 50 milligrams of spironolactone, 1mg of estradiol. I am at half of those. Half a milligram, half the lowest dose of spironolactone. He gave me some cypro, too. But even that it's low. 2 milligrams. 20 is the given, sometimes 12, or 10. Just a fifth. 

I am scared of checking my blood and seeing nothing changed. A high number of T and just an unknown value of E. Would these two months be for naught? 

Is it normal that I am this anxious and worried? 

I saw somebody who said he was with a similar dosage of mine for a month. Mine it's just double of that. Two months, after those if the levels are the same I can ask him, tell him that the dosage is low, maybe try something higher. 

Is it stupid that at the same time that I'm doubting its effects, I'm wondering if these feelings are even caused by them? 

I know the estrogen will make me moody. I will cry with more easiness, I might get irritated. The cypro has the secondary effect of causing depression, even more with people like me who have a history of it. 

I should distract myself. I've started. Even if they work or not, I have started. At least I won't continue to get manlier. I can lose weight, I can take care of myself. Get my body used to the medication, get my mind ready to the idea. 

I picked Catherine up at her house. We drove to the school. She got checked her papers, now we are even. Monday we might call the dr to make an appointment. 

I picked up the pictures and the ring. The graduation is finally over. Melissa gave us her card. She has one patient, like me. 

I might not be wasting that much time. 

Just one day at a time. Thing about a thing at a time. It's 8 weeks until I can do something. I might just wait and enjoy this bursts of calmness that I sometimes get. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, April 23, 2016
Date: 2016-04-23
Num Words: 768
Num Minutes: 19

Days keep passing by but nothing new has happened. I woke up today in the same bed with the same mood. If we had gone to the United States I might have bought the pill organizer. Will I keep forgetting to take the pills? 

I just told Catherine, I feel moody and sad but I don't know why. Is it what I've been thinking about the dosage? Is it the secondary effects of the dropped Testosterone cause by the spironolactone? Maybe it's the emotional effects of the estrogen, or the depression induced by the cyproterone. 

It could be millions of things. And yet it feels naive to think that the hormones are even doing something to me. 

Am I subtracting importance and value to my accomplishments? When I was in high school or even younger, I would have been super excited about being awarded nationally. I will travel and receive a medal and shit. And now I see it as an inconvenience. 

I couldn't find anything to do, I even played videogames with Luis. Super smash bros, Mario Kart. I sat with him in his room and played. Several times the idea of telling him crossed my mind. "Luis, I am transgender". 

Just like that, no melodramatic explanations or circling around with questions. He knows what a trans person is. I could bet he even imagines it or wonders about me. I didn't. 

My mother asked about my appointment with the dr. So the results were fine, she asked. Did he prescribed me something for the cholesterol? 

She always picks the worst of times. Were we alone or just my parents I would had told her. "No, I'm fine about that, the result was normal. He prescribed me something, though. A medication to lower my testosterone. I have it pretty high. Even for male standards" 

I could say something about the estrogen. No, just that. It's not that it's a secret. Why didn't I just say it then? It is a secret. I hid the information. 

Why does it scare me to talk about it? I made the Facebook profile and yet I haven't put even the profile picture or the basic information. 

Trying to distract myself I started interpreting the tests. Both the questionnaires are graded. I even decided to create some spreadsheet in excel. I looked for the NEO IP in the web. Or I could just use the 50 item open one form the International personality Item poll. 

Do the rest of psychologists do things like this? Do they research about tests and psychometric qualities and statistical analysis? Do they even look for new tests besides the ones they're taught? 

And yet they are offered jobs and promotions and opportunities. 

I, on the other hand, am still unemployed. I haven't looked, though. It's been weeks since I've sent a Curriculum. I could even design a business card, just the name and telephone. Upgrade my own CV. Give it some color and formality. Quit the bullshit and write what I actually know and do, what differs me from the rest of graduates. 

I am successful. I will be awarded the Scholar Merit by the end of this month. I will be given plane tickets and a hotel stay to receive a medal for having an almost perfect score in national test. 

I know I can apply and have high probabilities to be accepted by a major university in a postgraduate program. 

I can do lots of things. I have lots of merits. Will being trans make them useless? Will I be able to use this to gain pity points? 

"I graduated best of my class, always an excellency in the academic world. After traveling to receive my award I'm still unemployed and homeless because of my gender identity." 

What a stupid thought. 

I have started hormones, in 8 weeks I will meet with the doctor and see my progress. Even if the testosterone is still in the same level I can argue for a different approach. 

It's not like I'm wasting time. I am taking the medication. I am having the laser sessions. I can see some patches in the black forest that is my face. Today when Telcel called again to offer their services I was referred as Miss. 

I can modulate my voice, I can be called by the feminine in the pharmacy when waiting to be attended. Sure, I'm still gendered masculine a whole bunch of times. But I am getting half the dosage other people start with, and yet, I keep forgetting that I have been gendered female even months before starting. 



------ ENTRY ------
Title: Sunday, April 24, 2016
Date: 2016-04-24
Num Words: 756
Num Minutes: 36

I am tired, still. I woke up early today, too. Did I had an erection in the night? It's almost usual to feel a little turned on in the first hours of the day, hiding in that semiconscious state of the mind. Was I conscious enough to miss it? 

The door of the backside of my room stays open so the morning light can wake me. Was it six or seven when I was fully awake? I slid my hand into my underwear, it was flaccid and sleep. Are the hormones making an effect or is it all in my head? I kept stroking it to see what would happen. Without intention my respiration started accelerating and my body tensing. I could to it later. 

I put the green cover on the floor and looked for today's routine. It was just a warm up, so I finished it quickly. More than a week I've finished the daily exercise. Maybe this will end up being an unbroken habit. 

I haven't shaved either. I've forgot when the last time was. Was it thursday that I met with the patient and the endocrinologist? Friday I went with Catherine to the university to get the pictures. Did I shave that day? Which would I prefer? This growth could be the one of three days or just two. As I rub my face I can continue seeing the black short dead hairs in my fingers. It's encouraging and rewarding. I can see, also, the blank patches of smooth skin that appear somewhere around my face. 

Just 8 weeks and I'll know the effects of the hormones. Next session I will talk to him, ask him questions and tell him my worries. 

Next Friday I'll receive the Honor's mention in my school. That little paper that says how I was the highest grade in my generation, just like the one Magallanes has on his wall. 

Yesterday I told myself I would start designing the business cards I could use to gain clients. 

Yesterday I finished the sheets for the tests, the projective ones are still undone. Nonetheless, I already found the english version of the BFNE, and have the items of the NEO IPIP. I have a test for the vocational orientation. And the ISRA I can apply it in the original spanish. The Beck inventory is the only one that's missing, but I know it will be the easiest to find. 

This week... Tomorrow I'll see Game of Thrones with Catherine here. We will eat somewhere close. Wednesday I have my therapy and the patient. I haven't decided yet which of the tests will I give him. Tomorrow I have to call the dr to make an appointment for him to check my papers, finally. I will send a text to Liliana to confirm the change of session. 

The business cards stay saved in the webpage. There are four designs in there. Two with the name of Ivan Fernandez, and two with Sofia Fernandez. 

Both feel fake and artificial. Every phone call I get is a wrong one. Now it is amusing to answer the phone and be gendered feminine. Is it because they hear a woman's voice or an effeminate one? 

Rene told me how he didn't recognize me that first time. 

Friday I will have to dress formally and go to the ceremony. Will my dad go or will my mother? In there I won't know anybody but Luz or Paloma, whichever goes. 

How many of us will be there? Will they give me something else besides the free postgraduate? 

Everyone in Hiram's drawing is wearing a t-shirt but his father. His father's hands are hidden behind his back. His eyes are open and blank. His hair is shaded and his head covered in the drawn hoodie. 

It's interesting and yet I don't care about it. I don't like grading these. 

My facebook profile is still empty. There is not even a profile picture nor the basic information. 

I hear Catherine's thoughts and feelings and they worry me. I doubt that she will accompany me to the capital. She is stuck in an arrested development. The idea of working her career doesn't do anything to her. She doesn't want to leave home. She is scared of telling her parents about her. 

I can't blame her. I am scared of her telling them about me. Her father is nice to him. He is not aggressive or hateful to her gay friends. 

But yet, I am neither her firend nor gay. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Monday, April 25, 2016
Date: 2016-04-25
Num Words: 783
Num Minutes: 22

And I saw her cry like I had years before in her own car after a chat. She turned and looked straight at me, an innocent smile, like a child who's confessing his crime. She's about the let it out, I can see it in her face. It's like containing all of it inside is tiring her. She explodes like a full dam, the whole river comes. 

I picked her up after noon. 

"When do you have your next appointment with the laser place?... It didn't work, it looks even darker than before." I haven't shaved, even today. Yesterday I was fine with it, I even let Catherine see it in person, see it and touch it. This morning it started to upset me. It's just another day. Tomorrow I'll take it off. It's almost a week of the hormones. The days keep passing by. The day after tomorrow I will see my patient. I will see Rene, too. That day will be a complete week. Just two more days. Thursday will be the start of the second and then, the next day, I will go to the first ceremony. Just one people of every generation of each career gets this award. From the faculty, just two of us will be from this semester, four from the whole year. It will be more exclusive than the one in Mexico. 

Me and Luz. For the one in Jalisco, both Hilda and Ana will go, too. That's exactly a month after the first ceremony. A month in between. By then I might had finished the evaluation and their report. Will Liliana recommend me to other patients? 

From there I will return the last day of May, half a month later, two weeks and I'll take the third blood test. I'll know if these two months were for naught. 

I showered today before leaving. I put on the hipster t-shirt of glasses and a mustache. There are haris of the same length of my beard in my chest and stomach. I haven't shaved those neither. Do they bother me? 

It's common this feeling of doubt after the calm. I experienced it, too, with the antidepressants. I feel better so I might not actually need this. I can't have it both ways. Either I doubt their effects or overvalue them. 

From her house I picked her and returned to mine. We stopped in the oxxo of the neighborhood. She put credit to her phone and I bought beverages and snacks. Since yesterday I've been meaning to watch the first episode of Game of Thrones. We sat in the couch together and watched it. After the hour finished, I put Netflix for her, the next episode of Misfits. 

We ate in the same burger place near home. Neither one of us ordered burgers. She asked for a sandwich and I for a burrito. We talked about Chevo and Jessica's relationship, about ours. I talked about what my mother told me her psychologist friend had told her. The antidepressants are dangerous, I should be careful, there are other ways. 

I ate a weekend biscuit for breakfast with the pills. I did the daily exercise. Yeah, I ate almost a whole bag of chips, too, but after the meal I don't intend to eat anything today. This whole week I've been drinking water. Will I lose weight? Do I want to? 

We kept talking about our future. Living together, moving to the capital. What will happen next year? We chatted about nicknames and memories of our high school days. Old remembrances of distant friends. Anecdotes of an almost forgotten past. 

"Three years ago would I even imagine I'd be taking hormones?" 

Two years ago I was in Spain and wanted exactly this. Me from two years ago would be proud of me and what I've done. Would a younger me recognize me? 

Would I even recognize a me from two years in the future? Will I even be alive in three years? 

Am I the same person who was alive before now? Was I even alive? 

I dreamed with Monica again. There were no sex or kisses or nothing that I would be embarrassed to tell anyone. I can't remember exactly what happen. Was there pity or sadness? Were we talking? Why do I keep thinking of her? Yesterday Catherine brought her up. No, it was me. I think it's her whenever the notification of "morriquis" shows up in the phone. "I thought you were talking." 

No. That was a month ago. 

I have an app to take count of the days since I started hormones and since I last masturbated, but her? I guess now I really don't care.  

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Tuesday, April 26, 2016
Date: 2016-04-26
Num Words: 764
Num Minutes: 21

I woke up earlier than usual. It was near 4 in the morning when I stepped up from bed with a stomachache and full bladder. Yesterday I had set up the pillows in that comfortable and cozy way I discovered last year. This was supposed to be a recuperating and restful slumber. After the bathroom trip I returned and came back to my sleepy state. For a couple hours I rested. 

Now I am with a cup of hot chocolate and an opened package of cookies. They're non-sugared. Almonds and cinnamon flavored. I could had told my father about this morning's call. I decided not to tell my mother, let it better be a surprise. Would she expect it? No. Why would she? 

I  woke again with that same ill feeling inside. Was it nausea? Maybe an ill-effect of the pills? I didn't feel the motivation to get up and do the exercise. Not even eat breakfast and take the pills. I postponed the first alarm from 8 to 9. The third one of 10 was the one who didn't play because of the income call. I was awake already. The app identified the number and marked the logo of the university, even then I answered with a female voice. No, a neutral one. They asked for Ivan Fernandez and I kept the call. 

She was calling because of this friday's ceremony, I had received the e-mail, and maybe picked up the invitation. I answered before letting her finish. Yeah, I had already. She was calling, she continued, to see if I would be alright with representing the alumni. I would be their representative and stay in the podium and say a couple of words. 

Honestly I didn't expect that. I had ceded my place as magna cum laude and speech giver. They preferred about voting and I was fine with it. I didn't want to be the one to stand in front of a generation of people from which I didn't belong and pretend to speak for them. 

I told Catherine how I felt the need to try and make a speech of what I would had said. I didn't. Why bother. 

And here she came. Offering me that again, except I wouldn't be speaking in the name of the psych class of 2016. The best of the class... No, I would be speaking as the best from the best of every career, not just Otay, not even just Tijuana, the whole state. 

Every Magna Cum Laude from every career. I would be their representative.  And I said no. 

"No, I think it would be a better job for somebody else." She had offered that way out, but was still surprised. Was I serious? Was I nervous. I can't remember what she said. I just remember thinking about being introduced in front of everyone. Jose Ivan Fernandez Lozano. Male. 

This time I would be in front, seated, exposed. 

I reconsidered and accepted. I ought to have my speech ready for today. She would send it tomorrow to Mexicali so somebody could read it and accept it. Friday I will have to register at 10 in the morning. 

The call ended and I had no more reason to return to bed. I had to initiate the speech, not just start it, but finish it. 

What could I say? I wrote it and it's done, sent. They'll tell me later if something needs to be changed or taken away. 

My mother will use the opportunity of the dinner to meet with Norma and Jessica. Her birthday will be the next day. Has she said anything to her mother about me? Today she asked me again what was it that the endocrinologist prescribed me. This time I did answered. She thought my doctor was a woman. 

"He prescribed me something to lower down my testosterone levels." 

"That's what makes you grow beard and all that" 

"Yeah..." I confirmed her and told her how my levels were pretty high even for a male range. 

Was it my imagination or was her face weird the rest of the day? Does she know everything is starting and I am changing? Does she note something? Of course not. I haven't shaved yet. Tomorrow I will. The hairs are long and uncomfortable. My chocolate is empty and I am left with just one cookie. 

I still have to print the tests I will apply to my patient. Tomorrow I'll see Rene and him. I have therapy and tests. 

I will be both a patient and a psychologist in the same day. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Wednesday, April 27, 2016
Date: 2016-04-27
Num Words: 778
Num Minutes: 22

I had a session today. I started to feel this strange thought of not having anything else to tell. What could I talk about? I had what happened with Catherine in her house the Thursday after I took the first pills. That talk about not wanting to leave home, not knowing what to do of her education. 

I feel hunger. I ate breakfast in the morning after waking up. I decided not to do the exercises. It was hard to get up. I feel no energy. I know it's a secondary effect of blocking testosterone, a lowing of energy. I did it, though, a couple of hours ago after returning from the patient. 

Liliana will leave in a trip to give a workshop in her alma mater. I told her how I would go, too, next month. The day after tomorrow I have the thing about the speech and the award. Later that night I will eat dinner with my family and my godmother. 

I was a little child when I used to play with Jessica. We played a lot of things. Being a child I remember crying the first couple of times not wanting to leave. I wanted to stay with them, keep playing, doing fun stuff... It was such a new feeling having fun, having someone to talk too and play. I hid in Jessica's room and didn't want to leave. 

I cried, too, when my uncle and aunts would leave home after a visit. What is it with me about being abandoned? Does it come from Edgar and my grandma leaving? Did they break me? Is that why it was so hard for me to let Monica go? 

I went with Rene and talked about my dosage and treatment. Of course I'm just beginning. He's the specialist, the expert. I can order the tests. Ask for my blood type and my estrogen level. 

My mother knows about my medication. Does my father? Do Luis and Miguel suspect anything? 

I just finished grading Luis test. He's 12 years old, the standardization here in Latinoamerica doesn't cover his age. If I grade him with the one of a 13 year old boy, he would still be in the 90th percentile. Why don't I want to give him his score? He's above average. He knows that, I know that. He's way better and smarter than the kids his age. Why does it hurt me to accept it? 

Is it because he would be like me? And if he's like me, he has a reason to ask me again to give him a test. And if he's like me, I have a reason to suspect he might have this feelings of dysphoria, too. 

No... no. 

He wants to be like me. He admires me, I'm his big sibling. 

What will happen this week? I finished with the patient for now. Almost all the tests are done. I just have to arrange the Neo and apply him the Raven. 

After that it's just the integration and the results. 

Next month I will travel, before that I will have my next laser session. 

Today I shaved. My face looks smoother than before, I didn't need any make up. Everyone sure saw me as a man, but I felt fine. After a week of having facial hair, this was nice. 

Walking back to my car, a woman sitting in her van talking with another woman saw me and told me in a excited scream: "You have such pretty hair!" 

I just smiled. 

I made a stop in the pharmacy. I asked the man over the counter if they were still giving the cards of discount. He told me yes, I just needed and official ID and a picture. I gave him both and he went back. 

After a couple of minutes I went around and found the pill organizers. There were several different kinds and I picked one big enough for all of my treatments. He gave me the plasticized card with my picture and my name: "do you prefer Jose or Ivan?". 

"This card is for personal use only. It's a company property and if someone else uses we will confiscate it." 

What will happen in a couple of weeks when I stepped in there again to buy my antiandrogens and hormones? What if I look feminine or just not masculine enough? 

What if being a man they tell me that I can't buy the medicines of that prescription or ask me for whom they are. 

"They're for me. I'm Sofia, but my legal name is Ivan." 

It might hurt a little to say that, but it would be the truth. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Thursday, April 28, 2016
Date: 2016-04-28
Num Words: 776
Num Minutes: 18

It's been a long time since I've lied down here in bed over my stomach with the laptop where my pillow should be. I am used to typing these words in the other keyboard, and using the television as a monitor. It's weird hearing the music from the laptop speakers instead of hearing the whispers of it through the headphones that compress my ears. 

What could I write just now? Will this be another telling of my morning routine and daily activities? I haven't filled this day's daylio notes. That little and cute app that asks me the mood of the day and the activities I did. The summary of the 750 words I write here. 

I picked Catherine up. I grabbed the hamburgers, the vegan ones, from the freezer. Another one of beef, too. Again we went to the university. This time I parked in the other parking lot, the one for students. Now the vast majority of the students in my faculty are ones who got in after I did. In the morning I called the doctor over the phone and asked for an appointment for him to check my papers. We waited for him outside his office.  He was the same doctor that was giving class when Catherine was doing her social service helping the lady in charge of the promotion of the school lottery. He was telling the young students how the money of their selling was for sending us psych students to study abroad. "Are you going to study abroad?" He asked her. "Yeah". "Where are you going?" "Chile". "That's really far away. Why are you going over there? Don't you want some dark skinned boy like this one over here?" He pointed towards Manuel sitting in the front row. He was dying of embarrassment while Mario and his other friend where laughing their white coats off. 

He did some jokes while we were there. Catherine was the first one. While he checked her documents I saw how her CURP copies where of the both sides. Mine I took them myself and just did the front. Would he deny them? Should I start all over again another day? 

No, that didn't happen. He received my papers and copies and pictures and all was set. In a month I can go again and pick the no exigibility form. Almost a year later they would call me to pick up both my license and certificate. 

It's finally done. I'm done being a student. I remember being a little kid thinking of this day so much. How many years are left for me to study? Then I can work and be independent, have my own house and pay for my own things. Live by my own rules. 

And here I am, working with a single patient gaining 200 pesos. On the other hand I do live by my own rules. Who else can say that they are changing their own biology to be truly themselves? 

Tomorrow is the first of the many bookmarks already set in my calendar. Tomorrow I will get up early in the morning, earlier than today, and do all the things that I didn't write this time. Then I will put some fancy clothes and print that cheesy speech and go register in the university. I will wait and wait and be nervous. I might be seated in the front, I might be seated with the rest of the students. I might not even be called. 

After the ceremony and my mother's reaction and several congratulations in Facebook from people who don't really give a shit, I might see Monica. 

Why did I write that? I was going to delete it and correct myself. But no... I won't see her, I don't want to see her. 

I will see Catherine, just like I did today. We kissed and touched each other, we whispered our love to one another. I am happy. 

I might see Catherine. 

Later in the night my mother and father will take me to dinner, celebrate. Jessica and Norma will be with us. Will Martin be there, too? They have seen me with my hair. I actually traveled with them to Las Vegas. How long ago was that? A year? Two? No, two years ago I was in Spain. 

How was my hair, how much different did I look? I was hesitating with the idea of telling my mom. 

They will see me with a suit and maybe a tie. They will see the Ivan they've always known. My mother will be the only... no, both of my parents will now the secret under the man suit. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Friday, April 29, 2016
Date: 2016-04-29
Num Words: 773
Num Minutes: 24

It's done. I was in front, for the first time, standing in the podium with a theater full of people and students and family. I spoke the words I had prepared. The rector of the university applauded me standing. The Dr besides me smiled and said it was a nice speech. Several of the people with which I shook hands congratulate me back. One of them, maybe one of the postgraduate ones told me he like my speech, too. 

I have the award and the medal. I can put now in my CV that I am Scholar Merit and that have Excellency of the EGEL. I don't even need to mention now the award I received from the university in Tecate. I could frame them and put them in my consultory. 

Would I do that? Mark them with that name? I am still me. But would I let people now? 

That was a little saddening thought. 

Catherine did go to see me speak. Both my mother and father were there, too. One of the VIP told me how they make this kind of rotation of the places. Last year it was Mexicali, and before that Ensenada, and so, and so. They really picked me from all of the graduates. Me from Tijuana and the master from Ensenada. He graduated with a perfect 100 from his master. 

What could had happen if it were somewhere else? 

I liked that Catherine were there. From the university we went our way. I drove her to the Alitas. We ate chicken wings and french fries. She ordered for me a glass of beer with clam juice and sauces. Her drink was almost the same but with cucumber. For dessert we shared a bailey's mikshake. 

Today was the same drink that we shared yesterday in her balcony. 

I was nervous as hell in the morning and at noon when I was waiting outside. Would they separate me from the rest or give it to me later in the ceremony? 

After eating I brought her home with me. I changed clothes. I can't stand the suit for a long time. I put some jeans and a shirt. I see the skin from my hands paler. I know it must be mostly in my head. It's been just a week. She grabbed my breast and told me how it felt fuller. 

We shared dinner, my whole family, Catherine and Jessica and Norma. They know each other. Jessica asked her if she remembered her. 

Tomorrow my family wants to go to the United States. I told my dad just a couple of minutes ago how I think I will pass. Instead I'll stay and grade the tests. I have to analyze the drawings. I have to actually transcript the NEO. 

"80% from our graduates find a job in their field in a year... 50% in the first six months" 

I will be one of the later statistics again. 

Even I with a Scholar Merit and Excellency Medal and sitting in front of the whole theater full of honored students I don't one or even an offer. 

I have a job. Kind of... 

It doesn't matter. I have plans for the future, I will apply to the master and I will get in and finish it with honors, too. I will do lots of great things... surely? 

If I get to live my life as me, happy with my reflection and the way the world sees me, even if I don't get a big important job or this fulfilling career I will be happy. 

I wish Catherine were here by my side just now. I love having her beside me, her hands stroking my back and my face. Her fingers dancing gently over my skin. Like brushes painting this calming sunset or nibs dripping with ink writing the secrets of happiness on my cheeks and lips. 

I love her. 

We've been talking and planning with Anahi about going to the movies. The Captain America movie is out now. We will watch it someday of the next week, probably Wednesday. Next weekend we will go to the movies with Paola. 

In two weeks I have the next laser session. Two weeks after that I'll go the Jalisco. A couple of weeks later I will have to test my blood again and see how much, if any, is my testosterone getting lower. A month after that will be the Pride parade. 

Will Anahi come with us this year? I'd like that, although I don't mind sharing it again with just Catherine. Maybe now they might see us as the lesbian couple we really are. 

------ ENTRY ------
Title: Saturday, April 30, 2016
Date: 2016-04-30
Num Words: 756
Num Minutes: 18

Another month now. 18 days until I finished the two hundredth consecutive day. 

Today is the tenth day of hormones. Then again I keep thinking about the dosage and feel that time is being wasted. 7 weeks from now I can see my endo and tell him my worry. I've been reading about dosages, I know the medications and its effects. I know cyproterone is more potent than spironolactone but then again the dosage is a tenth of the prescribed one. 

I see myself differently, but I think the change is in my own eyes. 

I'm getting sick of receiving the notifications of yesterday's pictures. Over and over I see the number getting higher and higher with the names of the people congratulating me and reacting to the images of me in a suit handshaking with a lot of people and talking in a podium. 

I saw some of the pictures and I could see the receding hairline of my right side. It's scary to think that I am growing older. Jessica today turns 23 years old. I've known her for almost 20 years now. We met before my brother was born. I was 4 years old? No, I don't think so, or was I? 

I might be 5 or 6. Norma was my godmother in the graduation of kindergarten. 5, then. 18 years. We shared a classroom in jr high school and went to the same high school. One of her best friends, Andres, according to what my mother knows suffers from a similar fate of mine. 

His was more notable. Everyone could sense it. It was obvious. Was everyone blind to my own signs or did I hid them thoroughly? 

I did today's exercise later than usual but still early. It was back and arms. My legs are still sore. My parents and brothers went to the United States, yesterday I told my dad I preferred to stay here. I didn't feel like getting up early and besides I had to interpret the tests I have. 

I asked them for a burger and a weight scale. I weighted myself. I'm 81 kilograms still, 179 pounds. It's the same than half a month ago. 

There was a text I had read about losing water-based weight. How when you start lose that water pounds and then gain them back when the body readjusts itself. Nonetheless, there is a fat weight loss, but it goes unnoticeable because of its smallness in comparison to the other one. 

Is that it? Or is it my fluctuating diet and diminished motor activity? 

I can't remember the last time I wore feminine clothes.  Yesterday I wore a suit and tie. 

Next week I might go to the movies with Catherine and Anahi and Luis. I promised him. I want to go, and yet I'm scared that the plans won't come through. I get nervous about the clash of my two social globes, my two personas. 

What if they mix my names? What if Luis asks something? Why haven't I told him yet? What am I really waiting for? 

Jessica and Chevo sent me text messages today, both of them. 

First it was Catherine who gave me Jessica's salutes. "Are you with Sofia? Sent her my regards" 

It felt weird reading it from her words. I don't expect her to use the name, I feel it fake. It's a little unfair. When she gets it wrong, I don't hesitate to blame her and confirm my thoughts about her difficulty with the theme, and whenever she gets them right, I discard her effort and cover her good intentions in a blankness of deceit, of fake kindness. 

Chevo congratulated me, too, for my award.  Why do I perceive their kindness something not to be trusted? What is it about receiving what I want that makes me so uncomfortable? 

Even the thought of hearing my own name in this house makes me nauseous. I can't even imagine how it would sound coming from my parents lips, the musicality of being called by their voices. Hearing them talk about me as a real person, an existing entity. 

I am real. I exist. Then why do I hide myself? 

Why am I scared of being shown and found? 

Am I really a woman if I still don't look like one? Will I ever look the part? 

Will they ever be able to see me like one? Do the people who call me by my name really know me by it? 

Do I actually see me as myself? 

